"a closer look at the data shows, that it is art course that has approximately equal parts of all age
only in age 55-64 women spend more time on sport and exercise than men.
"it can be proved by financial opportunities of majority population in the ""lion"" part of countries in the whole world."
we should have access to this kind of travelling in anytime and as many as we need.
"every parent at the current moment has realizing that the competition for a future job is increasing significantly, this reason
"on the other hand, the direct effect of punishing people to prevent buying illegal copies would be opposite from ""more
"besides that, the most noteworthy fact about 1998 is that in the dominant sector of education the biggest amount of
the flight lasted 27 seconds in this amount 17 seconds hovering.
but every of us has a prophetic voice.
"on the other hand, children are very busy with subjects at school, which will be useful in their further life,
"on the other hand, some people claim that children have a right simply to have their childhood."
")-stetement, is an extremely clear difference: there are too many men on a tech subjects, and on the other hand:
"a rising popularity of smartphones, laptops, computers and other gadgets leads to damage to people's eyes."
"all in all, despite being difficult for studying female students may give a fresh look to the scients, which is
they should convince students that education is the greatest way in their life to realise yourself without evil.
"the solution of these two problems is very simple: people must go walk on the fresh air, do some sport
"according to the statistic presented by itmo, who has such situation on the faculty of economics a lot of people
"firstly, the most interesting sector in 2006 is technology, there we can see an extremely growing by contrast the most
"40% of womens had undergraduate diploma, that is the compare piece of undergraduate diploma in mens range."
"all in all, humanity obviously needs space exploration, but it is important to set priorities wisely and not think about
"according to the chart, the percentage of people of yemen, who are 15-59 years, will increase from 46,3% in 2000
the bar chart illustrates the chages during one timeframe from 1985 to 2005 while the table shows the data of
"nevertheless, scientists demonstrated that 1990-2020 consist of increasing of old people (65 years and over) is sweden, but their decline
through the expectations there will be growth in percentage op people in the age of 15-59 years.
"by and large, it is rather long way to get rid of crimes but it, apperently, would work."
here we see that in 2000 61.6% of population were 60+ year old people.
after the key year samsung's number was greatfully falling from their biggest percentage to about 15 percents.
every of us has read this agreement.
"and in final group of people working in education, situation is not good: only people in age from 26 to
this whole sequence lasts approximately 38 seconds in this amount inter titles.
air travel gave people ability to visit far ends of the world.
"people, aged from 18 to 29, and from 65, are used this social network less than people, aged from 30
"after years of war with all artists of this kind, the government of the most cities on earth gave the
"for example, it's really difficult for men to work at women's consultation centre because both doctor or client would be
"one should not forget, that there are literally dozens of thousands of airplanes, which lift up and set down all
"albeit, till the 1995 year there were more girls with overweight, the number of them became equal wit the number
"moreover, all the groups are strongly involved in facebook, while instagram is not so interesting for people after age 30."
"however, the prediction for italy is not so positive, because the number of people aged 60+ years is going to
"children start to spend more time siting in the internet, due to this fact their eyes become worth."
"after taking a closer look, in march 2012 over 140 million of users were using facebook on their desktops, however,
every of us has inherent characteristic gestures and movements.
forecast on 2050 shows that quantity of people whom age fluctuates from 15 to 59 will be increased on approximately
"there is the same percantage for ""receiveng updates"": 39% women and 39% men had answered like that."
"40% of womens had undergraduate diploma, that is the compare piece of undergraduate diploma in mens range."
in the sough asia in 2000 the number of girls without access to primary school as near like double amount
it is enormous costs of time and the conditions in russian trains are definitely uncomfortable.
he hands every of us a slice.
teachers also shall not close their eyes to the features of individual's character.
the last position in this list is achieved by the countries of s. asia.
"albeit, till the 1995 year there were more girls with overweight, the number of them became equal wit the number
1n 1995 the obesity rate leveled 16 per cent and was equal for both girls and boys.
the hospital has employed indigenous staff in this amount doctors.
"secondary, it's necessary to pay attention to the fact that yemen in 2000 had an extremely small percentage of 60+
"actually, the graph shows us three categories of the age: from 18 to 29, from 30 to 49, from 50
"this people do not go even to schools, i am not talking about colleges."
"in conclusion, i would say that there are different opinions about the problem of child raising and upbringing, but both
the percentage of 15-59 years old men and women will grow up from 46.3% to 57.3% to the year 2050.
"the graph presents the information and predictions about the part of old population (65 ages and more) in japan, sweden
about another example i read on the last week.
it is not less important not to reduce intermediate stages to the earliest terms.
"all in all, the main tendency is that there are significant changes in percentage of food products, metals and machinery
"a bit feuer than a half of the yemen population in 2000 were 15-59 years people, but in italy were
"in that case, the performance was awfull and disgusting especially when the children could see it."
"almost half (46,3%) is 15 to 59 years old people and only 3,6 per cent of people on 60 and
"according to the data, the major group in sience course are children, who are counted for more then 300 people."
all of that they do should not restricted by the government.
"all in all, despite being difficult for studying female students may give a fresh look to the scients, which is
it is a parents business to decide when they should enable their children to learn foreign language.
"3,6% are people have age 60+ years."
"however, it was believed that women were less able to work and study than men, so the idea of universities
in 2030 10% of population is predicted to be over the 65 ages.
"the number of people aged 0-14 years in yemen will considerably decrease, leaving place for adult population, which will grow
there are many water sport activities in this amount wind surfing.
"as addition, children became more vulnerable before the face of anxiety and loneliness, which trigger a lot of problems with
"according the chart, we can see that the all males had skilled vocational diploma in australia in 1999."
"a closer look on data shows that in the northern africa level of unemployment remained stable and consist 12,5%."
"here we see that in 2000 61.6% of population were 15-59 year old people, 24.1% were 60+ year old people
we shouldn't close our eyes and should do our best to help young people to choose the right way.
"facebook, as we can notice, is most popular social network in all four age groups, moreover in all four age
"on the one hand, one of the causes of such students' behaviour is considered to be their age period."
"in the european union unemployment rate was slightly increased and pointed 7,9% in 2015 according with 7,5% in 2014."
"finally, people who are over 49 age goes to university for interest."
in the next decade this proportion hardly grow up and rich a pic in 27% - the max value.
"travel in sky pollution air and influence on global warming, but this type of travel need for business and other
"overall, there was a tendency of falling of the number of children without access to primary school education if we
we can say that in japan between 1940 and 2030 less people lived to aged 65.
"according to the chart, the most large number of children without access to first-step school education in africa."
it is not less important to include a rich dose of antioxidants.
"also people have different taste in art and different attention to creative unusual performance, and goverment in this amount."
nowadays the problem of adolescent crime is widely discussed as more and more young adults commit illegal acts.
"this fact was proved by scientists, children get new knowledges faster and more qualified than other people."
in 2000 there were 61.6% of 15-59 year-old people and only 24.1% of people who are older than 60 years.
"according to the chart, the percentage of people of yemen, who are 15-59 years, will increase from 46,3% in 2000
that's why studying of foreign languages is on the most needed subjects.
people must be prepared to new laws by social media or social advertisement wich shows the value of author's intellectual
"according to the chart, the percentage of boys, who had ovwerweight, significantly increased between 1995 and 2005, started from 10%
"in hotel or catering sector in 1998 the biggest group of people was presenting by people whose age from 18
the attendence of complex health researches is not less important.
"the number of this people are 21303 and the small group in this sector are people from 56 to 65
"all in all, the chart shows that in englang young men in age 16-24 are keen on sports in average
"the small group in this sector are people whose age started from 56 to 65 years, but in 2006 year
"according to this, any building should be designed due to its primary function."
"after taking a closer look, in march 2012 over 140 million of users were using facebook on their desktops, however,
it is not less important to stop the flow of guns to our streets .
"everyone, i suppose, remember lots of children's poetries which they learned when they were small kids, but it seems to
it has more than 50% online adults involved in any age.
this year is a key one.
yet every of us has different body height and proportions .
"one of the most obvious fact in charts that in yemen in 2050 there will be less children in 0-14
the number of 15-59 year old people will increase for 11% but the number of 0-14 will fall and become
"the overall trend is that popularity of low-paid and requiring less skills work, as hotel or catering service and building
every of us has a patron saint.
"all in all, internet users who buy pirate products break the rights of the official dealers and steal their money."
after this year the stable drop remained to be stable for japan's statistic.
"it can be explained by the fact that there are a lot of ""male"" works nowadays."
"all people should understand, that there are only male and only female professions."
half of the population were 0-14 year old people and only 3.6% were 60+ year old people.
30 percent of the chart takes yong people and 25 percent comes to 26-40 years old students.
all people should have common rights and no one group of people does not deserve to be higher then other.
a lot of people walking on the streets see the buildings and than they has solved enter to it or
"at the time between approximately 6,30 amd 21 hours it is noticeable the rising to more then 40,000 units and
it is offered every semester in this amount summer.
"according to this line, the index increased significantly from 100 to 171 in the first three years, then there was
inside every of us are our talents.
and every of us must decide for ourselves.
"one should not forget, that there are literally dozens of thousands of airplanes, which lift up and set down all
it is not less important to us today.
"it is important that some new technology we can see only in the best hospitals, but in some villiges there
in average group of people 65+ do not join instagram.
the chart below shows us the percentage of post-school qualifications in australia according to gender in 1999.
on the first diagramm we can see that desktop's users have downward trend in period march 2012 to march 2013.
"every of us has different ""buttons""."
the diagram provides information about quantity of youngsters who didn't study in primary school in five years.
according to the diagrams the projections for 2050 indicate decrease in the part of children in yemen to the good
many tuning modes are supported in this amount direct keyboard entry.
"reffuring to another opinion, free time has a lot as drawbacks as pluses."
in 2006 year situation in this sector was change.
"what is more, government should improve alternatives, for example, new comfortable trains with 1st class."
"a decrease in africa consists in 7 millions, what is less then in south asia, where the amount of children
this same concept resides within every of us .
"every parent at the current moment has realizing that the competition for a future job is increasing significantly, this reason
approximately 10 million of users had stopped using desktop site by march 2013 and the number of mobile application users
"adittionally, it should be included that the maximum point of the bar chart comes to 25% in the year of
in modern world our life is demanding more and more different knowledge and skills from us so to set it
"according to some psychological and sociological theories, like massons pyramide in instance, a person should, firstly, fullfill his or her
it is not less important in secondary prevention.
16% of roads are busy by chemicals.
in this way even acknowledgement will play a second role.
after thet the level will grow up to 25% in 2040 year.
"to conclude, there is a tendency of growing in number of people, who are 65 and older."
men in 65-74 ages made a small jump compared to 55-64 years opd men.
"sweden in 70th was the tird one, but the situation started to change very quickly by the year 1990."
men and women should work on suitable jobs.
it is not less important to understand the incoming side of a personality.
"the percentage of children will be enough small: only 11,5% vise a versa, their percentage in yemen will be enough
"to sum it up, government should provide a complex of programmes for reducing an air pollution and to begin with
here we see that in 2000 61.6% of population were 15-59 year old people.
some people believe that it is worthy to start earlier at primary school.
a good case of it is a typical situation on the factory when every worker want to have a salary
young men with weak education can not find a well-paid job and meet different life difficulties that can incline them
the banker pays every of us $300.
"all in all, the chart shows that in englang young men in age 16-24 are keen on sports in average
"to sum, there is a problem of a widespread criminal involvement among young people, but parents and teachers could help
the sacred masculine is arising within every of us .
"according to the projections numbers of people in the age of 15-59 years will show a considerable increase in 2050
here we see that in 2000 only 14.3% of people were 0-14 year old people.
also big changes will be in the number of 60+ aged people it will rise by approximately 20%: from 24
"all in all, the quantity of children without ability to go to the primary school became less big and show
"60+ year people accounted for 24,1% in 2000, and it is expected to increase by 42,3%."
all uses own resourses that they have and produce goods and food that they able to do.
on the first graph we see that 46.3% of population of yemen were 15-59 year old people.
in different point of view situation in sex balance between males and femals in universities will start tendency on granting
"in the whole world many companies which have ""daughters"" in different states trend to move their producing to poor developing
almost a third part of the auditory of arts courses consists of young students.
in hotel or catering sector in 1998 the biggest group of people was presenting by people whose age from 18
in 2000 yemen has young population which include infants and teens before 15 age.
speaking about initial trends in population in italy and yemen in 2000 it should be noticed that the main difference
"almost half (46,3%) is 15 to 59 years old people and only 3,6 per cent of people on 60 and
"undoubtly, this aspect of public health improving is on the shoulders of governments."
this occasion shows us how videogames affect on teenager's minds and parents should control their childer what their are doing.
"young people from 18 to 25 years old is prefer to do work connecting with new technology, the amount of
"all of us are sometimes using planes as the mean of transport because it is easy, quick and comfortable way
"remember, every of us is different."
we soon had appropriate nicknames for every of us .
according to the charts the young population of italy (aged from 0 to 14) was 14.3% in 2000 year.
i adopt an opinion that the main problem of the people is they themselves.
"finally, people who are over 49 age goes to university for interest like rules."
"every of us appreciates different qualities, differently."
"at the same time in 2000 numbers of people under 14 in italy was only 14,3% while the biggest share
"according to their point of view, nobody may stop their development, not allowing to say their mind."
"besides, children can not make a wise decision about which languages they want to learn."
"moreover, this order no doubt will be unfair."
"graph italy in 2000 shows that more than fifty per cent of italy's residents are between 15-59 ages and only
"media provides us news about murders, beatings and shopliftings committed by young people more and more frequently."
"taking everything into account, i would like to notice that for me such system of acception students has a lot
of course this conversations affect on our mindset and our character.
"more over it easier to study foreign language, because in this step of education children formed the system of language
if a child is not taught to act the right way he or she will not understand what the reasons
"moreover, the percentage use of facebook in the least age group, 65+ years old, is higher than any of the
"nevertheless, in italy 0-14 years people are constant."
countries in 1940 included only 5-10% of old people (65 years and over); but recearchers suppose that amount of this
"according to me, the number of male and female student on every subject should be the same, and i would
the half of yemen population in 2000 are children under age 14.
the second place was occupied by 26-40 year olds people; their figure accounted 30 %.
"a good example is a ""metro golden mayer"" which loss more than 3,5 billions dollars from 2008 year."
he subtly coached and encouraged every of us .
"as for the chart of numbers of people using facebook, only approximately 10 million of users had stopped using desktop
"in any way, the decision to reduce airflights will distinct the personal life of humans."
the government had committed wide range violations in this amount systematic torture.
"all in all, summing up the main features we may consider that people in england have a tendeney to use
but in 2026 year the level will sharply increase to 25%.
"according this bar chart, the amount of children from africa and the rest of world without abilities to study in
"secondly, japan citizens always was very young because in their population 65-years people was not over then 5%."
"according to this, there is not only one answer to the question revealed in the introduction."
the answer is within every of us .
it is not less important that disciplinary proceedings should not become unduly protracted.
quantity of individuals who are older 60 is predicted with growing almost 20 per cent.
every of us possess certain strengths and weaknesses.
"all in all, during this period the quantity of investment o renewable energy has grown up more than in two
"according to some experts, the exteut of happiness in different countries depends on the level of life and opportunities to
i believe that more often such problems connect with psychology and attitude of child to people around them and to
"however, the figures start to rise rapidly in the same period - between 9 o'clock and 13 o'clock."
"also it can be mentioned that this indicator in worldwide had a middle meaning and pointed 5,9%."
it depends on character of work and its aims.
"after this goes europe with his 7,5% in 2014 and it roses to 7,9% in 2015."
the buck stops with every of us .
"public generally tend to believe that computers and sitting lifestyle cause a healthy problems, such as: a decreasing quality of
it is not less important to understand that this law was not put away.
"women can vote and be voted, teach and work in international corporations, do business and play sports and even go
on the other had every tax causes negatively on economic issue.
they have never seen the normal life or another way to realise yourself.
"if in 2000 more than half of population was children who no more then 14, in 2050 the dominant share
a big bath was prepared for every of us .
"aircraft engins emit heat, particularities and gases, which have negative influence on atmosphere and only government can protect the planet
"also and the number of other aged groups in 2000 are very various in this two countries, all of them
they gave every of us our own bible.
"one should not forget, that there are literally dozens of thousands of airplanes, which lift up and set down all
it is not less important to stretch your muscles after any aerobic exercise.
"the number of 15-59 year old people will fall for 15.4%, but the number of 60+ year old people will
"""agriculture"" in indonesia is in the middle place and the last one is under ""industry"" control."
the chart demonstrates changes accordingly to the unemployment rate.
"all in all, despite this fact pirats break the rules and need to pay some money for it, but not
"underground was open in 2001, have only twenty eight kilometres and using only by 50 milions people per year, but,
"to sum it up, it's important to say that definetely, air travelling causes a damage to environment, such as air
every of us experiences death and rebirth often.
"in building sector is the biggest group in 1998 people whose age started from 18 years to 25 years the
on the first place is france.
the second place is sweden - 25% of population lived to aged 65 and over.
"first two pictures introduce yemen and it is obviously, that in fifty years the number of 15-59 aged people will
"all in all, the quantity of children without ability to go to the primary school became less big and show
"we should teach our children since their concious life love sport and activity, encourage them to take part in games
"additionally, amount of transportating metals by road is only a third part of one by rail (11%$ and 35% respectively)."
"every parent at the current moment has realizing that the competition for a future job is increasing significantly, this reason
"it is all about the feelings:when you spend your daily evenings with your family and friends, fall in love, get
"in 2050 the percentage of 60+ year-olds will rise to 42.3%, while percentages of other ages will go down."
"the number of this people are 21303 and the small group in this sector are people from 56 to 65
"considering the rest of world the amounts was quite equal for boys and girls in 2000 and remain steady division
"all for it shows, that if the number of sport facilities will increase, more and more people will do sports,
"firstly, the thing which is necessary to admit is that northern africa and middle east take first positions in this
what is needed to improve the situation with widespread using of gadjets is definite action should be encouraged and promoted
every of us has deeply held beliefs.
the level of the crime of children and teenagers strictly reflects the future for decades.
"adittionally, it should be included that the maximum point of the bar chart comes to 25% in the year of
this website has extra services in this amount net hosting.
"firstly, the price for tickets to planes will rise quickly."
the biggest age group in this sector in 1998 was 26-35 years and in 2006 year the number of people
"otherwise, if only three boys would decide to enter foreign language department it would mean that only three places would
"overall the percentage of people, who did not have a job in selected world from 2014 to 2015 did not
"for example, when a person has ill heart."
"for example, n. africa had the number of this rate in 2014 and 2015 - 12,5% s. asia and worldwide
"in building sector is the biggest group in 1998 people whose age started from 18 years to 25 years the
"on the charts about population of italy can be seen that percentage of people aged 15-59 years is biggest and
"people can call friends at home to understand, which kind of friends does their son or daughter have."
the biggest group in this sector are people whose age from 36 to 45 year.
it's immidiatly apparent from this graph that the propotion of the population in this age will be incregse.
"possible, in the complex this kind much more dangerous for the inveroments, than airplane."
it is what makes every of us unique.
according to the pie charts of yemen population the group of young people (0-14 years) will considerably nave decreased by
a strong desire of every of us .
the country has full fuel cycle facilities in this amount major reprocessing plants.
"and there are a lot of examples when such children become not so smart and talanted as their parents, only
"the graph indicates the comparison of 65 years old population and over in three countries like japan, sweden and usa."
"also a marked fall in number of children can be seen in 2012, showing a 3 times difference comparing with
half of the population were 0-14 year old people and only 3.6% were 60+ year old people.
"in addition, a man should build his life and find an excellent job in order to accomplish independence and confidence,
i believe that more often such problems connect with psychology and attitude of child to people around them and to
"at the same time in italy the part of men and women after 60 is the largest one, but in
"on the other hand a lot of people think that opportunity of free watching gaming or listening it a good
linkedin is less popular than facebook among people of age 30-49 and it consists of 31 pecent of all users.
all people should have common rights and no one group of people does not deserve to be higher then other.
"3 regions had the similar values in this period, but 1 region had a little change in his percentage numbers."
"the number of 15-59 year old people will fall for 15.4%, but the number of 60+ year old people will
"in 2050, it is predicted that there will be an equality between the 60+ years old group and 15-59 years
"15-59 years people in yemen are increasing, while in italy this number decreases."
in 2050 there is a projected growth in population of age 60+.
"at 12 o'clock it is equal to almost 35,000 units."
the grath we are given illustrates the proportion between low and over 65-aged during the period since 1940-s till 2040-s.
"according to this charts people from the group 0-14 years take the biggest proportion from yemen citizens in 2000, amounted
we can decide those problems with using modern technology.
i gave already the general answer concerning every of us .
"all in all, i think that the advantages of money business to developing countries overwhelmed the disadvantages."
a detailed view on the graph reveals that the percentage of people over 65 fluctuated in both usa and sweden
he has different roles for every of us .
"compared to linkedin, instagram is more used by young people, aged from 18 to 29."
only 3.6% were 60+ year old people.
"to conclude, the overall trend is increasing proportion of 65-aged and over population in a few decades after 2020."
after the middle of 80-s it became grow a lot and reached a number of 50 millions by 1999.
"on the contrary, other people believe that other activities should be use to up the quality of public health."
"according the fact, that air travels pollute enveirement and increase the risk of global warming, some people believe that goverments
"all in all the graph shows, that the amount of people aged 65 and over is not static between 1940
"to my mind, there is no faculty where women can't study at all, but i pretend that both male and
"otherwise, percentage of 0-14 people will fall from approximately half to just over one third of all population."
one more: frequent visiting to doctors.
"sometimes child can grab or taste something, while parents do not see, and it may lead to a bad consequences,
on the second chart we can observe the reasons to use facebook of men and women (according their own opinions).
"secondly, they say that it's a exome, because there is a law about protection of author's rights in the big
"as far projections are concerned, population from these ages will not have crucial changes in yemen and will increased to
"according to the projections numbers of people in the age of 15-59 years will show a considerable increase in 2050
"in my opinion, during the process of making production, factories explode more shot-gas that planes during the flight."
"all in all, there are two sectors with the common tendency to rise or fall the participation level of all
the graph provide information about several qualication between males and females in who were completed school in 1999.
a person caught using prohibited drugs may understand it was awfull and make a remorse.
"according to the statistic presented by itmo, who has such situation on the faculty of economics a lot of people
"all in all, humanity obviously needs space exploration, but it is important to set priorities wisely and not think about
"according to the pie chart, the majority of electricity is used for heating rooms and water and it takes more
according to the table the difference among men who are working in this particular sphere is not so high -
i have multiple children in different ages .
"furthermore, accepting another talentless girl to a math department, for example, because of the stated amount of female students might
"actually some people are sure that if the government increases the quantity of places for doing sport, the aim stated
"to sum it up, in my mind trying to limit or introducing laws to reduce the amount of air travel
"so, the best consideration for governments could be to create and set up more policies and social programs to protect
"comparing these region, point is that in the africa in the whole duration from 2000 to 2012 the sum amount
all other types of goods consisted above the same part.
"to conclude, africa had the biggest amount of children, who could not learn subjects at school."
it could help to dicrease the amount of consumers in air tourism.
"all networks are very popular, but, as it is shown on, ""facebook"" is the most essential resourse."
"to sum up, in some situations air transport can help people to solve their problems but i think that you
the biggest challenge was putting all together.
"the diagram illustrate the information about some changes in the amount of children, who did not have access to education
all amount went off to 33 millions.
"however, the levels of crime (in accordance with the ethnic background) differs greatly."
"however, if was equal amount of male and female students, it can easy to work in pare."
"all in all we can see, that the percentage of females and males with post-school qualification are quite the same."
the given chart illustrates the amount of kids and their gender in different regions who did not have an opportunity
activeless lifestyle and modern junk food full of sugar gets adults and children full of sicknesses and give great health
the aim is 100 beats per minute or less.
"the changes in italian demographic situation will be as vibal as yemen's ones: the majority of its population was about
"main idea of topic that air travel has been proven to contribute greatly to air pollution and globam warming, as
the pie charts provide the information on amount of population in 2000 and 2050 in yemen and italy divided on
death is perceived on different levels by children in different ages .
"to make a conclusion, the rising amount of crimes commited by young people is the problem which is needed to
a lot of people from music and cinema industry lose money due to somebody sends pirate copies to the internet.
as you may notice facebook has the biggest amount of people who use it because this website has a lot
we should pay for all in our life.
"as i have said before, it will be better if government will give the creative artists the ability to tell
the poster shows 25 faces in different ages and races.
"according to this charts people from the group 0-14 years take the biggest proportion from yemen citizens in 2000, amounted
"according to the data based on gender we can notice that in africa in 2000 and 2012, in south asia
"moving to the least popular area of employment in this country, agricultural sector's data shows approximately 5% of workers among
"other underground railway system i want to write in order of date opened: paris, tokyo, washington dc and kyoto urs,
there is no doubt that if we admit the requirement of equal number of students of both genders we will
"graph italy in 2000 shows that more than fifty per cent of italy's residents are between 15-59 ages and only
they scored 68 aims while allowing 198.
"let's start with the point of view, that the governments should ignore this situation and the amount of flights remains
"moreover, the amount of unemployment in this region remain stable during the year."
it proves the idea that women can handle with hard intellectual works.
according to the diagrams the projections for 2050 indicate decrease in the part of children in yemen to the good
"a vast majority of people argue that buildings should have attractive appearance, while others claim that it have to be
"we can discussed about this question very long time, but i think, that when we talk about stability in nature,
"taking into consideration all mentioned above, i suppose that although in the majority of cases children are doomed to grow
usage of airplanes affects extremely unfair on air and nature.
so the laws like high tax rates will help to reduce negative impact on air and get money for cleaning
after this change it was less than medium rate in the world.
"after this success, the recieved level started to decline dramatically, swooping under the 214 billion of dollars."
in the rest of world we see approximately the same amount of boys and girls who do not have an
"adittionally, it should be included that the maximum point of the bar chart comes to 25% in the year of
"after taking a closer look, in march 2012 over 140 million of users were using facebook on their desktops, however,
"as for me, it does not matter how many male or female students are in studying group, but it is
"i agree that air transport creates negative effects that can do a lot harm to earth but all kinds of
zero defect output is our continuous aim .
they are at different ages and wear a variety of clothing.
"furthermore, accepting another talentless girl to a math department, for example, because of the stated amount of female students might
the aims for both providers were twofold.
people argue that the amount of male and female students have to be equal in each educational group.
"according to the first diagram, we can mention that there is a considerable difference in counting users with destops and
"it would be wrong to force someone to persue a certain career or subject just because we are trying to
"now let's consider the opinion, that the governments should reduce the amount of flights."
"in addition, it is impossible sometimes to find an equal amount of both: men and women, and prompt them to
language is the best way of communication.
"the amount of mobile version users decreased too, but not as much as the amount of desctop users: there were
"in goods that transported by rail were vere also the lowest persentage, it were machinery (12%) and chemicals, and food
the bar chart shows us the amount of children who can not educate in primary school in different region.
"a variety of different researches had given some results, and now specialists explain the reasons of bad behaviour in next
"according this bar chart, the amount of children from africa and the rest of world without abilities to study in
"according to this graph, the amount of such peope in sweden and usa is quite simmilar."
architectors think only about of quantity of building and about useful features.
"all cars, trains,buses, ships need energy, for example oil, and this product contribute to air pollution and global warming, than
there is no on occasion of drug use was not fixed until the acceptance of this law.
the chart illustrates the amount of girls and boys who had problems with weight in canada 1990 and 2005 and
"but then, after twelve years situatuin has changed and the number of children whithout ability to go to the primary
"all in all, during this period the quantity of investment o renewable energy has grown up more than in two
the aim was reached within nine hours.
all people should have common rights and no one group of people does not deserve to be higher then other.
"secondly, musicians and film producers spent a lot of money and time to make their films and audios, and when
i believe all wrote was actually very reasonable.
"(the destination between moscow and saint petersburg, for instance, can be easily overcame by ""lastochka"" train for 5 hours)."
the eventual aim is fully automated freeways .
another juvenile-only cluster shows that specimens at different ages grouped together.
"overall, the chart shows that in urban areas the amount of houses with internet is much bigger than in rural
"nowadays, there are a huge amount of international companies which have their business in many countries in the world."
"on the other hand, those who decide that having more free time and work less tend to focus on the
rest of world also improves the statistic but not so great - from 12.8 to 7.6 millions and from 10.5
"on the other hand, of course, some of them can try to accept this law in their educational politics and
the site is organized by user aims .
"in this way even acknowledgement will play a second role: if there was a choice between man and a woman,
"the questio is if it is beneficial to us, humans to travel by planes or we have to reduce the
some people consider that it loods to air pollution and global warming and government should create special law to decrease
"according to modern statistics and experience the amount of companies, which got into developing countries and fastion of employ local
"all in all, i suppose, that the problem of youths crimes caused by violence is not going to be solved
in 2012 such amount of boys and girls in africa is almost fivefold larger than in south asia and roughly
men in 65-76 ages made a small jump compared to 55-64 years opd men.
"furthermore, going by plane is the fastest way to achieve every corner of the world."
a lot of artists and entertainment organisations have financional costs because of free using of their contents in the internet.
"the problem of crimes are committed by young people strictly connect to the level of the education, i think."
in the bot charts we can see about the same number of manufactured goods (25% and 28%).
"on the first bar chart we can see that amount of desktop users decreased in 2013 with comparasion to 2012:
"in my opinion, during the process of making production, factories explode more shot-gas that planes during the flight."
i believe that more often such problems connect with psychology and attitude of child to people around them and to
amount boys and girls are equal.
as a result of this equality students lose their ability for competition.
the pace of development can be followed by obtaining maps at different ages .
"besides, government can introduce laws to air companies' standards not to reduce the amount of air travel."
"all in all the graph shows, that the amount of people aged 65 and over is not static between 1940
"simultaneously, the datas show us that the demandings of the electricity for summer period practically does not change for the
it is obvious that by reducing the amount of flights we will pollute earth less.
"first of all, there are many things to be said in favour of introducing laws to reduce the amount of
"there is nor main trend - then more ""ancient"" underground railway system - then more are delopted it is, and
"the bar chart compares information in diffent coutntries about youngsters that do not have abilities to get primary school education
the table highlights the numbers of people of different ages who was working in certain working categories in the uk
a lot of people think that amount of male and female students in universities should be equal in all subjects.
"actually, not many of those searchers have luck on their sude and can approach to that understanding."
the piano plays behind all while atmospheric elements coat all.
what bad play calling on those failed aim line conversions.
"according to their point of view, nobody may stop their development, not allowing to say their mind."
"the lack of parents' attention can be replaced by internet and videogames, and the child learns new knowledge about violence,
to sum it up i want do say that while well-placed sports facilities have a wide range a benefits the
"so, i suppose, musicans should earn their money on live-shows and merch, and film producers on cinema and advertisment."
"the underground route in london is by for the longest, while tokyo subway provides the highest amount of oassengers by
"among this people facebook is the most common social networks, the percantage od users assums a little more then 55
"almost a half of yemens population is taken over by the children from 0 to 14 years, while this age
"all in all, it is not beneficial for companies to twist the figures or sabotage the results of research, so
"furthermore, the number of africans and asians children without ability to study in primary school were more that the same
"moreover, it makes us overlook the old myth of male or female jobs only and gives a chance to develop
air travel has become highly popular and it can easily be understood if we only look at the upcoming and
"on the one hand we have producers, whose payment addicts from number of people, who buy their work."
"on the other hand, an equal amount of boys and girls in university more confident and friendly atmosphere."
it is obvious from the figures that the amount of boys and girls engaging into exercises surged dramatically.
"i guess, that it's good solution: person, who choose the wrong way, can be advanced by helping people and society."
the graph shows the changes in amount of visits made by people to and from the great britain over a
the amount of chemicals and non-metallic minerals took smaller parts virtually just under the quarter of all goods.
the given pie-charts represent the amount of materials and products delievered by rail or road in eastern europe in 2008.
"moreover, space exploration can contribute to such fascinating thing as discovering other planets, which are available for life."
china is in a middle point of the graph during first thirty years but after it growed up.
the bar-charts indicate information about the amount of people using facebook in two-year period and show purposes to use this
"however, there are some problems with the realisation of the laws that intends to reduce the amount of air travel."
"limiting amount of air travel for leisure by introducing laws could become a reason of huge using other types of
"for instance, if there is only two girls would like to go enter math faculty it means that only two
"a good example is a ""metro golden mayer"" which loss more than 3,5 billions dollars from 2008 year."
i consider that the time at primary school is very important to use language skills.
"what is more, government should improve alternatives, for example, new comfortable trains with 1st class."
"right now there is big argument in society about air pollution and global warming, because of the great amount of
"actually some people are sure that if the government increases the quantity of places for doing sport, the aim stated
but i don't think that it is important universities should decide more significant problems linked with study.
"according to my beliefs, universities should exclude such parts of the patriarchy culture as unequal number of males and females
young people are the main visitors of the instagram.
"in conclusion, while after 80th amount of travels started to grow, france and spain became the most popular countries for
"all in all, general statistics show that many greatest figures on an international market have not yet suffered from locating
"we can see a rise trend of male qualification in position of skilled vocational diplome, to pay attention, it was
"besides, these unrecognizable sutuations kill huge amount of human lifes."
"and a lot of countries import need food, but they get realise another instruments for achieve good life of their
"in the task i was given there a chart which shows changes in the amount of children without access to
his longest field aim was 58 yards.
"in the conclusion i would like to say that if governments take the law, it will be a reason of
this will be adapted for children in different ages .
"as for 30-49 age category, they prefer facebook too, because the percentage of this category ahe people is 73 per
"all in all, i would like to say that if people will think about this problem more it will be
many people considered that air travelling causes a great air pollution and a global warming.
another trend in this table shows us that in indonesia the amount of people of both sexes choosing industry was
"moreover, the huge amount of films and musics is free in internet."
air travel has become highly popular and it can easily be understood if we only look at the upcoming and
"according to the information presented in the bar chart, the amount of boys and girls without access to primary school
the chart depicts changes in the amount of children that have no access to get education in primary school during
"and as for girls, the amount of them reduced more than in4 times."
first that can notice the highest amount of metals reaching a level of 35% which was transported by rail was
"first of all it creative artist wouldn't be allowed express their own attitudes, they could stop doing anything and developing
during twelve years the amount of uneducated children in africa fell from 44 millions to 33 millions.
"5,8% is also smaller rate, than in the world this year."
this flash based charting library has all .
also people have different taste in art and different attention to creative unusual performance.
"the bar chart illustrates the difference between the amount of children not able to get primary school education in 2000
"and it the government will introduce the law to reduce the amount of air travel, the price of air tickets
"this investment of these types of plane will be very expensive but will help to reduce amount of flights and
"all in all, i understand that artist are free spirits, though i still stick to the idea that the genuine
"but often people can't buy a disk, because they have a little money, and disks can crash after some times
"a am not a fan of precious elements like a portico of fountaines in the luxiry gardes, but in my
"according to the chart, the percentage of boys, who had ovwerweight, significantly increased between 1995 and 2005, started from 10%
"after 1995 this quantity in usa continued to go down slowly, and it is expected to start rising in about
"so, government should try to stop this threat by reducing the amount of air travels not to allow people to
"in my opinion every of us must do all that he or she want to to, but somethings enough to
i believe all posted was actually very reasonable.
reducing aerodynamic drag was another primary design aim .
a person caught using prohibited drugs may understand it was awfull and make a remorse.
the most insignificant amount is represented by the group of more than 65.
"admittedly, that industry in indonesia has the least alternative which people chose ."
"the topic of difference between male and female in different spheres of studing is very important in modern world, because
"as we know, that the first duty of a primary school is building character, not skills."
"all in all, according to these tables we can say that indonesia is more agricultural country,then australia, but at the
almost everything can be found in web nowadays: many people download a huge amount of files every day.
to sum it up i can say that i completely agree with the statement that the universities should not accept
ait first in japan salaries difference grew up (by 1985) and when began to steadily decline.
our aim is 100% customer satisfaction.
it is obvious that adults between the ages 30 and 49 make up the amount that is twicer less than
"personally, i believe that both parents and school are equally important and prominent in nurturing children as they combine and
air travel has become highly popular and it can easily be understood if we only look at the upcoming and
this veterans group has three distinct aims .
someone who whants to do crime will afraid.
"overall, it is clear that during the all period the percentage difference in earnings tends to decline."
all these charracteristics in summ form his or her opinion about happiness and what is needed to take it.
"air ships are convinient because of their speed, comfortability and ability to shift on long distances."
"but there are people who declare the fact, that many of earth transport become more and more clear from day
"people believe, that in this case sport will be available for all who want to improve their health."
in usa the amount of eldery people went up between 1940 and 1980 and also after 2030 and reach a
according to the table the difference among men who are working in this particular sphere is not so high -
"moreover, it almost last a huge amount of working places elevating the problem of unemployment."
the land reform had several related aims .
"the most dramatic decrease of the amount of such children was in south asia, from 32,7 millions to 9,9 millions."
china has increased the quantity of energy from the 1970th.
"if person hasn't opportunities of legal working or playing, he starts find alternative variants, for example some crime structures."
"sugested chart below gives to us innformation about the proportion of the population aged 65 and ove between 1940 and
"secondly, to my mind, level of education doestn depend from equal amount of boys and girls."
"all in all, the main ideas are that people prefer to transport metals by rail and food by road, while
the program often features auditory participation games where prizes are awarded.
the diagramm gives informatin about amount of boys and girls without access to primery education by region and gender between
"that is the reason of huge decreases in revenues of great amount of musicians, musical and film producers, and entertainment
"secondly, south asia has the lowest amount of children with this problem in the end of period, comparising 4,8 millons
the highest aim was national rather than ideological.
also we can see that in 2000 the amount of children without primary school education in south asia were about
"as we can see the huge amount of children both 23,7 millions of girls and 20 millions of boys in
"according to the graph, the amount of money invested in renewable power sources by the undeveloped countries experienced a gradual
"african contries are famous for severe diseases, which kill hundreds or even thousands of people annually."
but alone they are not a decision.
"on the other hand, the amount of them is the lowest in italy, whereas people, who are 60+ years old
"nevertheless after 100 years, in the end of the graph amount of old people in this two countries is lower
"amount of 65 aged people was the similar only in 1940-s, since then number of over 65 aged persons grown
the amount of people that have this desise is gradualy raise by last years.
a new trend of borrowing dvds appeared and made a valuable pie of the whole chart.
"on the other hand, the reduce of amount of the air travel may help to solve problems with air pollution
"first of all, allowing the same amount of teenagers of both genders to enter the same university is good for
concerning the education sector more people worked there at the age of 36-45 in 2006 that is approximately equal to
"it depends on character of work, its aims and audience."
"after a stable period, we see a huge incline that would occur in japan from 2020 to 2040."
"if we talk about passengers, we can see that in tokyo is the biggest flood of the passengers, the second
"personally, i believe that architects should only bear in mind what the original aim of their work is: whether it
"on the one hand, we have a scientific evidence that children are able to memorize large amounts of information better
"all in all, the quantity of children without ability to go to the primary school became less big and show
but goverment can't just reduce the amount of flyghts even because of themselves.
"clearly, that goods with high amount transported by rail, and the answere, for example, the amount of percentage of food
"in other words, people should get a good alternative to air transport, such as trains."
"the disease attacked people in different ages , sexes and nationalities."
"at the beginning of 21th centery in africa the both number girls and boys without availiability to attempt primary school
all in all we can see that amount of facebook users raised and we can also see tendetion for using
someone take more thoughts or patterns of behavior in their family.
"a closer look on data shows that in the northern africa level of unemployment remained stable and consist 12,5%."
a drop aim is worth 1 point.
their aim is making academic sciences improve political practice.
for summer seasons the highest demand indicates between 13 and 14 hours and represents at twenty thouthand units.
"on the other hand, even equal amount of studt places for every subject for man and woman can lead to
"surely, the optimal solution can be to combine and use optimal options, which were shown higher, together, and try to
30 percent of the chart takes yong people and 25 percent comes to 26-40 years old students.
authors of this picture show that in 2040 the population will be older than today and the proportion of old
"to my mind, under these conditions children better understand the sense of language and even the culture of country where
"summing up, age distribution of audience morhs by features of network: omnipotent facebook for everybody, professional linkedin for adults and
"talking in numbers, the highest amount of children without access to primary school was recorded in africa 16 years ago,
"as for the most huge region - africa, changes are not dramatic: the total amount of children decrease on 11
"facebook, as we can notice, is most popular social network in all four age groups, moreover in all four age
"all networks are very popular, but, as it is shown on, ""facebook"" is the most essential resourse."
"legal ways sometimes are too costly, that is why all done illegaly."
"overall, the trands in different sectors were various in 1998 and 2006 in uk."
"this picture gives information about changes of amount of boys and girls, who did not have a access to primary
"to sum up, steps to save our planet and prevent air pollution and global warming need to be made right
then we can see that amount of people aged 65 and over rised up by 1980 to 14% .
"secondary, it's necessary to pay attention to the fact that yemen in 2000 had an extremely small percentage of 60+
of course all kinds of sports should have available price for people with different incoms.
"but often people can't buy a disk, because they have a little money, and disks can crash after some times
"overall, the amount of goods delivered by rail differs from those, that were delivered by road."
it is a government's responsibility to take the laws.
the basket aims were also quite interesting.
"number of girls with this problem generally is bigger than amount of boys, apart scale of south asia 2012."
there is a great amount of other ways to save the environment we need to focus on.
in 2012 this amount became less.
the graph represents dynamics in the amount of children without ability to get primary school education during the period from
"air and water pollution are considerably higher in this type of countries then in developed, such as the usa or
in the middle east and in the latin america amount of unemployed citizens has follen.
quantity of people whom age fluctuates from 15 to 59 will be increased on approximately 10 per cent.
"the graph below provides data on amount of people, who are older than 65 ages in japan, sweeden and usa
"all in all, i think that the advantages of money business to developing countries overwhelmed the disadvantages."
all the scheme consists two diagrams.
"thanks for air travel we can not only safe our time, but also it allows us to achieve to our
"in secondary school there are various of difficult and complicated subject, for instance chemistry and physics, which requares all time
"it is clearly seen, that africa and south asia have the biggest amount of children without access to education amount
"japan, starting at 5 percent lost the amount of old people to nearly 3 percent by 1960."
it is important to underline the importance of government funding in many spheres.
a lot of people walking on the streets see the buildings and than they has solved enter to it or
in 2000 girls were the leader for this data but in 2012 the amount of girls increased more than 5
the bar chart below depicts the information about changing percentage of children who have not ability to be educated in
"looking from an overall perspective, the amount of uneducated children in all countries fall dramatically."
"sweden started in 1970 by eighty percent, but after in 1985 decreased by forty percent and after in 2015 decreased
"someone prefers to watch a foreign comedy, while others are fond of local films, but the amount of latter decreases
"according to this charts people from the group 0-14 years take the biggest proportion from yemen citizens in 2000, amounted
most people would accept that today the musicians and film producers are greedy.
a wide discussion is taking place worldwide.
at the same time food products were transported by road in significally bigger amount - 30% against 11%.
middle east has a small gap with eu in 2015 and other tendecy shows that s. asia have a lower
it can be noticed from the chart that the amount of kids without access to primary education is south asia
"the woman is showed an outstanding advancement in services by 88%, which is the highest data in two countries in
"all in all, the age correlation is not even in all of the networks in question, what can be explained
"the rest of world has changed its amount of children without access to education twice, talking about girls, and less
by the year 1960 the amount has reached the point of 10 percent and it started to grow faster.
the table below illustrates the changes which took place in allocation of manpower by age among four sectors of the
"and the airplane is one of the most safety view of transport, without train."
"finally, allowing only same amount of male and female students in classes would only increase discrimination and not support tolerancy."
"overall, after analyzing the information it can be stated that using mobile phones for the following facebook demonstrated upward trend,
"countries of the rest of world had downward trend, the amount of children decreased."
a little bit less important had seeing funny posts and the last one was learning about ways to help others.
a lot of children suffer from promlems with their eyes already in the first class.
"people downloads copies of films in their computers, but the can often go to the cinema, because there are many
"that is why it is better to take them to a place by road, which clearly takes less time."
air transport is a one ability to reach place of car crashes so fast and save people's lifes.
the bar chart illustrates amount of children who were not allowd to attend pryimary school in south asia and africa
"also metals, chemicals and non-metallic minerals had nearly the same amount, which was 11%, 16% and 13%."
"according to the data, the major group in sience course are children, who are counted for more then 300 people."
"to conclude, i have to say that allowing only same amount of male and female students in every class seems
the question which is arising is whether to limit the amount of acting transport or not to.
the acute crisis is making itself known.
i believe all wrote was very reasonable.
the graph illustrates the differences in the amount of children who didn't have primary education un various regions over a
"according to this bar graph the number of minutes of local phones each year from 1995 to 1999 went up,
"we can make our little theoretical experiment, let's take two random people a put them in same conditions from their
"instead of reducing the amount of air travel, people who against any restrictions offer to invest more money in inventing
let's consider about it.
i believe all said was very logical.
"in both chrts the amount of chemicals is very low, about 11% and 16%."
"in conclusion, though it is hard to access but i think those laws should be introduced to stop this big
forecast on 2050 shows that quantity of people will increase.
"sweden's amount of old people was somewhere at 7 percent in 1940 and then the numbers shared the same tendencies
"all in all, the most outstanding changes occurred in south asia, where the number of children with no access to
the amount of online users of old people the same like young people.
"it is clearly seen that the highest amount of children who could not get primary education was in africa in
"secondly, during the whole period of its existence, humanity did not provide any more effective ways to stop criminals than
a good case of it is a typical situation on the factory when every worker want to have a salary
"nowadays, air travelling is the most popular and convinient way of travelling for the long distance, if you want to
"to sum up, the general idea of modern education is not equal amount of girls and boys but is iqual
the graph presents the amount of boys and girls who have no abilities to study in the primary schools on
a new trend of borrowing dvds appeared and made a valuable pie of the whole chart.
airships fly for a long distances with big speed.
"secondly, the reducing of the amount of business and leisure air travel could make more popular eco-friendly types of travel,
the amount of male and female children in rest of world exceeded this number by 5 millions in 2012.
in march 2013 amount of such users rose roughly twice as much comparing to the same period of the year
"the lack of parents' attention can be replaced by internet and videogames, and the child learns new knowledge about violence,
"according to this idea amount of using air transport also will be decreased, what can support to protect environment."
"in order to summarise the information, it is fair to say, that according to the presented bar chart we can
"in opposite, the children in secondary school are having stronger capacity and mentality to study a hard subject like english."
"besides, london have the biggest amount of kilometres of route, which is 394, but the biggest amount of per year
"according to the first diagram, we can mention that there is a considerable difference in counting users with destops and
"the given chart compares the amount of boys and girls who did not have an opportunity to get school education
the most amount of changes connected with proportion of population in sweden.
"the amount of 26-40 years old people is quite stable, exept sport and health courses: there is the amount of
a new humanistic methos of fighting the crime rates might be one of the greatest achievement of out time.
the middle point take eu; latin america and other world regions (worldwide) and there's no a lot of difference of
"a great number of people from all over the world dream of having a good, high education in order to
"in conclusion, i completely agree with the author's opinion that decrease the amount of flights will help to save our
"according to the charts, it may also be said, that of audience of 26-40 compounded the vast majority of those
the english monster has a fascinating structure at different ages and eras.
"by 50-64 years old users mostly used facebook, which amount reaches 63 percent, while instagram has the smallest amount of
"as for italy, the amount of 15-59 years people is expected to decrease from 61,6 per cent to 46,2 per
"moreover, organism of kids is more flexible and they can be learned the right accent and grammar faster than elder
"it's not surprising, that girls and boys have different attitude in 90% times (as british newspaper ""guardian"" claims) and that's
the amount of boys without access to primary school in africa is twice more than in south asia in 2000.
"generally, the amount of kids decreased like in previous 2 groups."
he scored 14 aims through 30 games.
for example they should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure or they should
"actually, not many of those searchers have luck on their sude and can approach to that understanding."
this gives you even greater flexibility when working with children at different ages .
"in australia, the least number of females and males work in agricultural sector, 3 and 1 per cent accordingly, but
"in the 2000s, however, the amount of boys suffering from overeating increased more than the percentage of girls and was
"all in all, it is clear that amount of goods transporten between countries in eastern europe in 2008 by rail
"there had been the most sugnificant decline in fugures of both france and sweden between 1970es and 1990, their figures
"the optimal solution can be to combine and use optimal options, which were shown higher, together, and try to find
"also, there is a moment when it's amount rocket from 25 to 42 billion minute."
the only region where the amount of the unemployment had improved from 2014 to 2015 is eu.
"in the industry sector men overweigh women, it is 32% and 11% accordingly."
almost the same part of groups from 30 to 49 years and and from 50 to 64 years use this
"firstly, it's necessary for businessmen to get just time on far meetings."
"everyone, i suppose, remember lots of children's poetries which they learned when they were small kids, but it seems to
"growing up, children often ask for help and advise because exactly their family (in their opinion) knows who to deal
people should do them after every 45 minutes being in front of the computer screen or in the gym.
"according to the charts for yemen, the population of 0-14 years old consists the half of all the yemen population,
the equal amount of users can be seen in the group of 18-29 and more than 65 the percentage of
a good case of it is a typical situation on the factory when every worker want to have a salary
furthermore the number of male and female students influences on a problem of future generation: if there are an equal
according to my opinion different fabrics make much more harm for our nature.
the diagram provides information about quantity of youngsters who didn't study in primary school in five years.
"i grew up at the outskirts of the city, so i studied at school with a lot of children, who
"the pie charts demonstrate the amount of goods in percentage, which was delivered to eastern europe by different transport in
all the universities should allow the same amount of males and females to enter.
after that moment trend of sweden started to dramatically improve while the usa old population remained at the stable position.
"after 1996 the numbers in the usa and sweden began to differ: while in the usa the number of aged
the percentage of people with qualifications with undergraduate diploma and bachelor's degree and master's degree are quite middle.
"and, of course, it is really interesting and easy then the amount of male female is equal."
"according to the chart, in the rest of the world there were approximately 23 mln children without access to primary
another study compared differences in speed of processing information between people at different ages .
a lot of artists and entertainment organisations have financional costs because of free using of their contents in the internet.
"in agriculture, more female employees could be seen against only 29 male employees."
"total amount of children without access to primary education have fallen from about 32,7 millions to 9,9."
"during the period of 1940 and 2000 this proportion has dipped, after that the amount of 65 and over -
it is commonly believed that modern retailers make big prices for their work.
"for example, man are interested in hunting or cars' repairing and women are interested in cooking and teaching, so, the
"to start with, there was a huge difference between the amount of machinery transported by rail, which was about 12%,
"the line graph gives an information about the amount of people over 65 years old basing on the statistic data
long term aims are vastly improved hardware support.
"nowadays, it take information of 2012, amount gradually decreased to 15,3 millions."
"the biggest amount of passengers in 1927 million people per year use tokyo system, which is just 155 kilometres long."
"the graph demonstrates the amount of people aged 65 and over in percents in japan, sweden and usa."
the bar chart given illustrates data about the amount of boys and girls who can't go to school over the
the graph illustrates the amount of people aged 65 and under over the period of 100 years between 1940 and
"it is hard to calm down being stucked in a traffic congestions which causes lies deep down in human's desire
"travel in sky pollution air and influence on global warming, but this type of travel need for business and other
"the lack of parents' attention can be replaced by internet and videogames, and the child learns new knowledge about violence,
"nowadays the problem of sexes often arrise in the society, for example, there is a matter of enrolling to university
metals and machinery makes minority of all the transportation by road.
air transport is one of the most harmful mean of air pollution and the raise of worldwide temperature.
a blended whisky combines many malt and grain whiskies at different ages .
"first opportunity to reduce the next generation, which can transport an enormous amount of people and use new type on
"universities just can not provide this idea among students, where everybody wants to learn something interesting, not equal-numbered."
"concerning remaining data, the general tengency constitutes gradual increase for the amount of overeight girls and boys."
"according to the second chart the most popular country visited by uk residents at this period of time was france,
i think that the most effective variant is to begin learning foreign languages at primary school.
"as about the 0-14 years people, their part will be approximetly the same in italy on 2050, and it will
"it is interesting to notice that more than a half of students ,refered to 18-25 years old, are tend to
"however, the number of children without acces to studying in school in 2012 is rather high comparing with the rest
person knowing a little can not competently provide the creativity.
the amount of car crashing is great.
"other urs i will write in order of biggering: los angeles, washington, tokyo and paris with 11, 126, 155 and
"a significant majority of male workers work in the services section, accountig for 56 percent."
most people would accept that today the musicians and film producers make huge prices for there works.
"in addition, it is predicted that by 2040 this amount will rich almost 25% in every country."
it is clearly seen that the biggest population are and will be people at 15-60 ages.
it is supposed that the governments should reduce the amount of flights due to it causes air pollution and global
every year the amount of such problems is being increased.
they are at different ages and wear a variety of clothing.
"they would like to achive as much as they could, but sometimes directly these people are suffering from a huge
"according to the figures, the per cent of young people in italy has the lowest point."
after that moment trend of sweden started to dramatically improve while the usa old population remained at the stable position.
"if in 2000 the number of girls was bigger than boys, in 2012 the picture was opposite, the amount of
"all these things, however, make a negative effect on people's mind."
almost the same amount of goods for manufactured goods - 25%.
"a lot of people are sure that modern technology, which are becoming more and more popular, may be cause for
"firstly, it's necessary for businessmen to get just time on far meetings."
"it depends on differenr unpredictable situations, students preferences and on an amount of women and men in the world."
"and there are a lot of examples when such children become not so smart and talanted as their parents, only
"meanwhile at the rest of the world 5,2 million girls had been gaining more and more access until the reaching
such products should be age limited.
"it follows a big nervous problems, which we need to decide."
and machinary has the smallest one; its countity achieves only 2%.
"secondly, companies allow themselves to double the amount of production."
all is within walking distance without changing elevation.
"all in all, the quantity of children without ability to go to the primary school became less big and show
they can do during the classes all what they want.
"if there are fewer amount of private airlines, that government will be able to develop common air travels companies, to
"all of us are sometimes using planes as the mean of transport because it is easy, quick and comfortable way
"however, other people provide a contrary opinion: they claim that it is not enough and other measures should be taken."
the graphs below represent audience of different social networks distributed by the age.
"according to the graph the wildest differece in income is in japan, it was about 40% at the begining in
"the graph below demonstrates, which amount of children do not go to the primary school because of several reasons in
"first of all, travelling by plane let people minimize time spending on the road, because plane is the fastest variant
one possible way how to solve it is to make such films age limited by parents.
all form of transport have many problems but i think that air traveling is the best way in any condition.
its primary policy aim had been investor protection.
"after 1996 the numbers in the usa and sweden began to differ: while in the usa the number of aged
the only thing that matters is your acknowledgement and possibilities.
this changes will positively influence on the level of health and amount of births.
by 2002 mobile calls achieved 50 billions while local-fixed line continued downward and showed only 75 billions.
i believe all typed was actually very logical.
airjets have incredible impact on air pollution and global warming.
"besides, when a person is surrounded by different gadgets he become distracted, annoyed and stressed and it affects on a
"additionally, more than a half of 18-25 year olds are mostly interested in science(55%) and a bit higher than a
the amount of people over 65 was rising between 1940 and the end of 1970s.
one of the most obvious fact in charts that there will be less children in 0-15 ages.
the final term saw ten aims being scored.
for summer seasons the highest demand indicates between 13 and 14 hours and represents at twenty thouthand units.
"but if it were my choice, i'd rather not reduce the amount of air travel."
"admittedly, that industry in indonesia has the least alternative which people chose."
"all in all, the age correlation is not even in all of the networks in question, what can be explained
the closer look at the data shows that it was decreasing in all working categories exept technology in age group
"3) latin america is having a big increase in gdp., reaching new peast and creating working seats they decrease the
"according to the first chart, the amount of travel to and from the uk rased from about 10 millions in
the best educational websites for kids in different ages ?
"all in all, this chart showed us, that unemployment rate didn't jump hard during 2014 and 2015."
"the people's need to have their own flats and the speed of building those so-called khrushevkas did now permit the
the bar chart illustrates the amount of schoolers who could not educate in primary school in 2000 year and 2012
"in addition, a man should build his life and find an excellent job in order to accomplish independence and confidence,
"prior to the acceptance of this law, there was no way of stopping the criminals."
france had the amount in less than 50 and sweeden had less than 30% in 2015.
"as a matter of fact, a great amount of teenagers thinks that it is the most simple way to make
"every parent at the current moment has realizing that the competition for a future job is increasing significantly, this reason
a bigger amount of police also can help country to reduce more crime.
"after years of war with all artists of this kind, the government of the most cities on earth gave the
"anyway, a rise of sport centres, swimming pools, gems, etc. is a good way of deciding this problem."
after there was a dramatic decline until 2013.
"according to the graph, men and women between 16 and 24 gives the most time for sport and it is
"as it been stated, air travel has a huge influence on air pollution and global warming, so governments said that
"moreover, nobody could proofe the fact that man are far smarter in math, chemistry and other complicated disciplines, which demand
"so, the amount of female and male school graduants enterening universities are not the same."
"there is an opinion, that every subject in the university should be studied by an equal amount of males and
in 2030 10% of population is predicted to be over the 68 ages.
"south asia statistics shows, that the amount of boys without the access lost 17,8 millions fell from 21,6 to 4,8
"all of these are more safe than planes, and a lot of people are frightened by a huge amount of
"all in all, althouth there are reasons for parents to go out to work for the most of time, children
the diagram provides information about quantity of youngsters who didn't study in primary school in five years.
"so, children become too independent from parents and they can easily find a bad behaviour role mode."
"all in all, some goods are transported only by road and rail, while others take the same proportion of rail
"up to 2012 amount of children without primary education reduced, and there was almost equality in comparison of boys and
"overall, united states takes first place between all these five countries."
a further three players scored four aims .
"the graph presents the data on amount of population aged 65 and over since 1940 in japan, sweden and usa."
despite having these potential resolutions for reducing the amount of air travel there are features and cases which stand unchangeable.
it is very useful for hitting targeted daily protein aims .
in 2000 it made 5 percents and amount of old people continues to increak sharply and it will be resulted
"while ""facebook"" and ""instagram"" are mostly used for attraction, ""linkedin"" helps people with finding jobs."
"after that, there was very sharp growing and in 2040 number of old-age people was 27%."
"firstly, i would like to say that there many health problems which we can decide with using modern technology."
children in different ages understand and respond to pain differently.
the noticeable difference of 7% can be mentioned in the amount of non-metallic minerals.
"manufactured goods by rail is the same amount as by road, machinery transported by road has minimal percent in second
more over such method of problem decision provides to reduce in foreign investments which help to economical growth.
"however, index of men of 65-74 was higher than index of men of 55-64 age and index of men was
"according to the charts, it may also be said, that of audience of 26-40 compounded the vast majority of those
"so, teachers should make more affords to do education process more interesting and useful for young people."
"taking into consideration all mentioned about, i stick to the point that it is possible to help everybody."
"third, if the government will introduce the low, reducing the amount of air travel for business and leisure, they risk
"after 2 years this level reduced, more children could go to school both genders."
"in 2000 the number of children younger 14 years achieved 50.1% and was the biggest one in yemen, while in
nowadays there is a wide discussion on the question of what is the ideal proportion of two genders in universities.
nowadays problem of ecology and environment is rather acute and many people are alarmed by it.
after that the percentage had various development in the all countries.
"to sum it up, government should provide a complex of programmes for reducing an air pollution and to begin with
all other types of goods consisted above the same part.
"all in all, during this period the quantity of investment o renewable energy has grown up more than in two
"3) latin america is having a big increase in gdp., reaching new peast and creating working seats they decrease the
all the universities should allow the same amount of males and females to enter.
"thirdly, the rest of world suffers from this problem more less than africa and south asia, but the smallest amount
at the same time in italy the number of 60+ years old is predicted to rise practically twice and amount
a certain organization is never without aims .
the entire mental health system is doing all wrong.
"on the countorary the london underground is way longer (394), but was a much lower amount of those, who use
the graph shows the amount of population aged 65 and over for three countries at the perioud from 1940 to
our aims and curriculum are outlined here.
i said yes immediately without thinking all through.
"we can observe, that the amount of childs without education has a trend to decrease by the time goes on."
"moreover, education is a key factor to avoid crimes made by young people."
"for conclure, i want to say that this problems is very big and producers and users must find the compromise
for example in some scandinavian countries prisoners have ability to reduse their time in prison by reading some books and
pretty much hearing all & seeing nothing.
"all things considered, i can say that if the country is a poor one and have a bond of problems
"accordind to the grapf the highest results lead to japan (it is between approximately 42-30%, it drops rapidaly to 10%
in the conclusion it is important to say that all should be in balance.
"but from the one hand, people who learn foregein language from primary school have a lot of positive fact, which
"due only to that fact, that our nature spoils by airtravelling, the amount of flyghts of rich people should be
"to sum up, i strongly believe, that governments should make efforts to cut down the amount of air travel."
"actually, not many of those searchers have luck on their sude and can approach to that understanding."
"a huge number of air travel is unnecessary, but they destroy our cology and support air pollution and global warming."
some people belive that it is necessary to introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and
"our children will try to decide it, their children too."
a aim every 2 games seems decent!
"at this month, the temperature reached the maximum."
twins are far more likely to share the disease than siblings at different ages .
"for instance, the amount of rural households owning the internet was 50 per cent, while the percentage of urban houses
the pie charts show the amount of goods transported by rail and by road in eastern europe in 2008.
"all of people depend in technology, so, the main solution of the health problems is to reduce the time of
that's why in 12 o'clock in the night units of electricity decreased.
")-stetement, is an extremely clear difference: there are too many men on a tech subjects, and on the other hand:
"the graph illustrates the amount of people of both sexes who are occupied in three employment sectors that are agriculture,
"firstly, approximately 44% of number of children had not ability to get primary school education in africa in 2000, among
on these two pictures there are two pie charts about ways of goods transportation between countries in eastern europe in
some people are confident that universities have to take the same amount of men and women to each subject or
"all for it shows, that if the number of sport facilities will increase, more and more people will do sports,
"the charts represents how the amount of children without access to primary education had been changed from 2000 to 2012
the given diagram illustrates the difference of the amount of children who have no access to primary school education in
the amount of online users of age group 18-29 about 22 percent.
"at the same time, the amount of air travels is constantly growing."
all form of transport have many problems but i think that air traveling is the best way in any condition.
"they want to be a part of the team of that bad peers, so they do all like they."
"however, it is argued that such an early age is appropriate for study of this difficult subject."
industry is a sphere in which men are more interested than women and the table illustrates it correctly with the
"there are predictions that the amount will fall in 2030, but then rise greatly till 2040 to 25%."
sometimes it can be the cheapest transport for long distance.
"a good example is a ""metro golden mayer"" which loss more than 3,5 billions dollars from 2008 year."
"actually, big quantity of sport facilities like football pitches, places for people who want run or ride a bike and
he yielded five aims once last season .
"france in 1970 was with high results, was 90 percent of energy, but after in 1985 fast decreased by thirty
"there was a pick of birth and death activity during the second part of 18th century, after that the graphs
according to the diagrams the projections for 2050 indicate decrease in the part of children in yemen to the good
the bar charts demonstrate the changes in the amount of children who do not have access to primary education.
"at secondary school, teaahers not need to focus on the character building anymore, they could push the student to study
acting laws should be revised.
"the amount of 15-59 and 60+ years old will increase, whereas the amount of 0-14 year old will decline."
"in 1985, the amount of girls and boys who had large weight in canada was 12 and 11 per cent,
"according to the data based on gender we can notice that in africa in 2000 and 2012, in south asia
kids at different ages and genders will adjust differently to a blended family.
"clearly, people at different ages see the world in different ways."
a lot of artists and entertainment organisations have financional costs because of free using of their contents in the internet.
all other types of goods consisted above the same part.
it includes pretty much all except selectors.
"even when they go for a walk, in big sities it is complicated to find place where virgin nature is
the amount is a little bit less than 25 millions.
yep all has been going great here.
"all in all, i want to say that people have to believe in their powers, take care about yourself and
after this year the stable drop remained to be stable for japan's statistic.
"young people need to see kind and honest people around them except of greedy millionairs in tv-shows, who are able
the bar that show us amount of these children in rest of world is the smallest by 2000.
"the same trend is with chemicals, the amount of them moved by rail and by road is almost the same."
"all things considered it is honest to say that electronic devices gives us a lot of opportunities, such as reading
certain strategies are designed to address multiple aims .
"activists from these parties supported internet users and thought that all people all around the world have the right to
my aim was to lose 70 pounds.
the level of the crime of children and teenagers strictly reflects the future for decades.
"nowadays many people claim that the building's appearance does not play a crucial role, it is much more important for
"governments shouldn't introduce laws of remove the amount of using polute machines, however governments may influence on technology side."
"the amount of girls and boys without access to primary education, is approximately equal in the 2012 in the rest
"main trend of this graph are revealed that amount of children that have not access to primary school are fallen,
we achieve our aims through lawful means.
the amount of those people are increasing these days because the internet is considered to be one of the most
"but in 2012 the amount of non-educated children essentially decreased and there was almost the same number of boys (5,1)
"on the other hand, children are very busy with subjects at school, which will be useful in their further life,
we can see big difference between the amount of some goods.
but some persons consider that the institutes should accept the equal amount of girls and boys in every faculty.
in 1915 aim average was finally instituted.
we have to give charees for all.
"furthermore, space is all around us, so i suppose we should know a lot of things about it and all
"nevertheless, in italy people are constant."
"so this decision will help not only to reduce the amount of flights of private planes but to increase the
"the given chart illustrates differences with figures about children, who couldn't begin studying at the first form, due to period
the amount of such people in the united states slightly increased from 9% to 15% in the period from 1940
"first of all, i'd like to say, that the amount of air travels regulates by market."
"of course, the amount of children without any knowledge fell and reached it's minimum of 14,5 mil. of boys and
the same increasing of this category can be found in all age groups.
the amount of population aged 65 and over in usa gradually increased to 10% in 1960 and 15% in 1980.
"the only example against this tendency can be spotted in the 5th two figures standing for the everage amount of
people should do them after every 45 minutes.
it is impossible for business men or politics to spend more days to achieve another country.
"we can say about stability level of unemployment in worldwide on level 5,9 percent."
"when in 2004 there was a smog in russia when a large amount of forests were in fire, we were
"according to the graph can be said that in the beginning of the tested period the least amount of children
the good idea in this situation is a hugh laws to reduce the amount of air travel.
"at the same time machinery and food products had nearly equel amount, 12% and 11% respectively."
"this group also is the most active visitor facebook, but another visit facebook, actively too."
another noticable thing is that the amount of girls in each area was bigger in 2000 then the number of
"in general it could be found that the world wide amount of unemployment has stable rate, if we compare 2014
"according to the chart below, the highest changing was in south asia, when 16.8 millions girl got access to primary
"after this, the line of proportion was feeling to 17 percents in 2030, and after this inereasing to 25 percent
british army trains travelled nine millions track miles every month.
such negative financial environment destructively influences development of children and teenagers.
"in conclusion, i would like to say that this problem is very difficult and the interests of civilians and businesmen
after 12 years pass the number of girls 18.2 millions
the project cost approximately $10 millions .
"according to the graph, it is clearly seen that the amount of metals transporting by rail is much more bigger
"first of all, everybody who download something in the internet should be punished, if he done it without acception or
after the middle of 80-s it became grow a lot and reached a number of 50 millions by 1999.
"all in all, althouth there are reasons for parents to go out to work for the most of time, children
the company made around $ 127 billions .
another drawback of equall accepting numbers is that it can crushed all system of university's academic freedom.
"all of them now thinking about a career, not about familly."
"according to the graph, it is clearly seen that the amount of metals transported by rail is much more bigger
the entire operation cost around $25 millions .
the number of children without possibility to go to primary school reached a low of 10 millions in africa.
as is shown by the table the most significant increasing of number of people is in the technology sphere.
the indicative budget is 291 millions euros.
by 2006 sales were $4 billions .
each firm reportedly earned around $ 20 billions .
"but in this occasion a lot of people does not do it, so the expences cannon be covered."
that is another several billions dollars spent.
the current budget is spending $32 billions .
the settlement amount totals $25 billions .
this bad behavior act like a kind of the rebelling against the teacher or lector.
the 2011 total gross state product was $259 billions .
the show has grossed 8 billions dollars.
"all things considered, i can say that if the country is a poor one and have a bond of problems
twenty billions pounds since nineteen seventy nine.
it is widely argued what has more affect on a growing child: her/his relatives with whom they live or external
"all in all we see that if something is for free, more people will listen it."
the original cost estimate was $ 50 billions .
the table illustrates the changing in proportional of people working in the difference sectors of the uk economy.
some 450 millions has been written off.
the affect of such sport centers might have an addition to the tendency that provides the idea of healthy lifestyle.
the freight value was approximately 49 millions euros.
the damage toll exceeded $1 billions .
over 14 billions pencils are manufactured worldwide annually.
"as regards south asia, it is clear that the opportunity to get a primary school education for girls improved and
"also the glow of passangers is more than 100 millions people (except kyoto and los angeles), and the long of
"for example, the number of children without access to primary schools accounted for approximately 45 millions of children, in africa
"after this, the line of proportion was feeling to 17 percent in 2030, and after this inereasing to 25 percents
"after that, there was very sharp growing and in 2040 number of old-age people was 27%."
by 2002 mobile calls achieved 50 billions.
increasing size once again adding $30 billions .
"someone take more thoughts or patterns of behavior in their family, another one is interested in friend's or teacher's advices,
the direct financial losses caused exceeded 200 billions yuan.
global music industry revenues are worth 9 billions .
"according to this idea amount of using air transport also will be decreased, what can support to protect environment."
"turning to germany, its benefit from print in 2014 was 6 billions dollars, whilst ebook revenue consisted a tiny 1
the offering raised almost $30 millions .
"the developed countries invested approximately 70 billion dollars in 2007, te funding remained fairly high over four years, in 2009
what is needed to improve the situation with widespread using of gadjets is definite action.
its total business is worth 360 billions .
the minimum bid is $3 millions .
"according to the second chart the most popular country visited by uk residents at this period of time was france,
a low count is below 40 millions .
"accordingly, it would cause less damage."
"all in all, there are two sectors with the common tendency to rise or fall the participation level of all
it is believed that after this period they will be free and clear and will not any aftermaths.
"as regards south asia, it is clear that the opportunity to get a primary school education for girls improved and
the initial target is 3 millions .
"taking everything into account, i would like to notice that for me such system of acception students has a lot
"at the same time in 2000 numbers of people under 14 in italy was only 14,3% while the biggest share
"otherwise, children don't afraid of making grammar mistakes because basically they just repeat words and phrases in the way we
after 12 years pass the number of boys became 14.5 millions.
"according to the given theory, 2% or 3% of female entering students have to be cancelled in entering the subject."
"accordingly to me, they only right way is to help each other."
in conclusion i would say that it is a neccessary to have good relationships with classmaters and teachers to be
"""mother should take care of her own child at first"", by this quote we simply can see that problems of
"according to the forecast printed book sells will decrease for 5 billion by 2018, whereas eboks market will expand for
"othes don't think so, because it have a little affect to our health."
"furthermore, the number of africans and asians children without ability to study in primary school were more that the same
"a lot of video games challenges nowadays require to kill, thieve, rob and so forth."
it had invested roughly $2 billions earlier.
air pollution kills nearly 3 millions more.
"for example, google, apple, yandex a spotify give for their clients the option to buy a right to listen music
"the production of ebooks compared to paper ones is about to be huger in usa and the uk in 2018,
"for instance, a building of different organisation that will help people who have problems, with money for reduction of the
"that is why, the authority ough to decrease this influence by laws, which solve the problem with unnecessary flights."
the 2010 congressional elections cost roughly $4 billions .
"as regards south asia, it is clear that the opportunity to get a primary school education for girls improved and
"after all, the laziness engines the progress."
the estimated total construction value is $1 billions .
in 2013 total government funding was 15 millions .
"moreover, every science starts with this type of persons."
"if you feel good or okay it is not right to close your eays how anothers people suffering from cold,
"the percentage of rural household internet accesses increased almost 8 times, that in general speaks about the development of the
"it is clear that the print marker dropped from 2014, comparing with 2018, in contrast, ebook market will rose ."
"first two pictures introduce yemen and it is obviously, that in fifty years the number of 15-59 aged people will
after the key year samsung's number was greatfully falling from their biggest percentage to about 15 percents.
"others argue, that accepting such restrictions can harm the world economy by reducing income of companies."
"according to the chart below, the highest changing was in south asia, when 16.8 millions girl got access to primary
a lot of people from music and cinema industry lose money due to somebody sends pirate copies to the internet.
"for example, the number of children without access to primary schools accounted for approximately 45 millions of children, in africa
"it is also worth noticing, that the general declining tendency is correct for both boys and girls."
early amphibians lived 360 millions years ago.
the whole world today has 800 millions cars.
his estimated net worth is around $200 millions .
"after that, there was very sharp growing and in 2040 number of old-age people was 27%."
"moving to the least popular area of employment in this country, agricultural sector's data shows approximately 5% of workers among
others suppose that this action would not have necessary affect and money should be spend more reasonably.
this contract was worth $72 millions .
in 1917 10 millions men were registered.
the estimated cost is 3 billions .
his terminal handles 2 millions tons annually.
it contains 9 billions pores per square inch.
the cost approaches 100 millionss annually.
"according to the projections numbers of people in the age of 15-59 years will show a considerable increase in 2050
the missiles cost $30 millions each.
"also a big feature is near food products, because percent of food transported by rail is smaller than percents of
about 13 billions kilograms are produced annually.
all amount went off to 33 millions.
after the key year samsung's number was greatfully falling from their biggest percentage to about 15 percents.
there is no doubt that if we admit the requirement of equal number of students of both genders we will
"however, china has increased the quantity of energy from the 1970th."
the overall annual turnover is around 5 billions rupees.
"moreover, sweden and france got the biggest amount of energy in 1970th."
our interest payment is $20 billions .
over 8 billions were thrown away afterwards .
facebook has crossed 1 billions monthly users.
there is no secret that top sportsmen not only have training almost every day to achieve highest positions in competitions
"moreover, organism of kids is more flexible and they can be learned the right accent and grammar faster than elder
"almost girls choose literature, social sciences and so on and boys choose phisical faculties."
"firstly, the most interesting sector in 2006 is technology, there we can see an extremely growing by contrast the most
"at the time between approximately 6,30 amd 21 hours it is noticeable the rising to more then 40,000 units and
"simultaneously, the datas show us that the demandings of the electricity for summer period practically does not change for the
"there was two considerable rises in the proportion of population in sweden in 1980 and 2010, whereas the line of
"all in all, on the graph and on the pie chart we can notice that in winter the quantity of
"to my mind, groups should be formed by equal number of male and female as it can have an affect
daily blood losses exceed 11 millions litres.
altogether those sums total $71 billions .
"nevertheless, the situation shifted because in 2012 it was south asia that reached a bottom of 10 millions children."
"in contrast, hotel and catering sphere become less popular for the youngs, it is the only sector, where the number
"this fact was proved by scientists, children get new knowledges faster and more qualified than other people."
"in the whole world many companies which have ""daughters"" in different states usually move their producing to poor developing countries."
the final death toll is three billions .
the deal was worth $2 billions .
all multi millions dollar selling female singers.
the total expenses eventually passed $15 billions .
"travel in sky pollution air and influence on global warming, but this type of travel need for business and other
"furthermore, the number of africans and asians children without ability to study in primary school were more that the same
the company has 386 millions fully diluted shares outstanding.
by 1985 worldwide sales exceeded $10 billions .
"on the other hand, the reducing of air travel may have a negative impact on people's life."
"all in all, there are two sectors with the common tendency to rise or fall the participation level of all
"respectively, it may have grave aftermaths."
it is important to have good relationships with everybody.
the last large impact happened 65 millions years ago.
"in my opinion, government should have a politics which leads to decreasing harmful effect of using air travel rather that
the packages were worth 600 millions each.
the transaction value is $ 4 billions .
"the next age group of people aged 15-59 years performs 46,3 per cent of yemen's population."
"nevertheless, the situation shifted because in 2012 it was south asia that reached a bottom of 5.1 millions of boys."
it is known that all this products have a bad affect on vital parts of our organism.
speaking about initial trends in population in italy and yemen in 2000 it should be noticed that the main difference
there are approximately 55 millions mortgages outstanding today.
"all in all, althouth there are reasons for parents to go out to work for the most of time, children
"but when it comes to teen age, the affect from outside the home starts to be as important as the
some affections may be harmful and some may give drugtaking athletes some advance.
"at first, they ask themselves if there are, indeed, strong reasons for such a changing?"
on the first diagramm we can see that desktop's users have downward trend in period march 2012 to march 2013.
"according to the chart, while unemployment is falling in me, it grows up in eu, where this rate is still
after this year the stable drop remained to be stable for japan's statistic.
the current orders outstanding are worth 540 millions .
the demandings of the electricity for summer period practically does not change for the whole day achieving the highest quantity
these contracts were worth $75 millions each.
in 200809 revenues are $102 billions .
another 50 millions interventions are represented through poverty programme.
"the second place is middle east that have 11% in 2014 and plummet in 2015 till 9,6%."
"in germany, china and the uk the numbers were smaller in general, but the trend is the same: the sales
"overall, it is immediately apparent from the graphs that the most popular course among young people was science whereas sports
"the lowest number of boys, who have no access to primary school education is shown in south asia in 2012,
meanwhile developing countries had go up to 100 bn in 2011 and decline in 2013 had slowly grow to 171
amount boys and girls are equal.
"at the same time, this graph demonstrates that there are three world regions where unemployment rate were unchangeable during 2014
but not all regions show the real huge changes in this period.
"both 2014 and 2015 have same - 5,9%."
"to conclusion, by comparison with other countries the japan had the fighest persentage of difference in male and female salaries
the main reason for women was sharing photos/videos - 54 percent of women think so; the runner-up is seeing funny
history of changing samsung manufacturer index shows us a fact that there are approximately same percentage of shares in 2015
"in general, we can see an increase in total number of call minutes, and mobile calls have became significantly more
there are two regions that we indicated by decrease of unemployment rate during the two-years period.
"in comperison in the usa and the uk people spend money more all on print in 2014, in the usa
"the level provide clear evidence, that the world regions have very different amounts of unemployment rate in 2014 and 2015."
"comparasing 2014 year and 2015 we can see that in some countries like north africa and south asia the unemployment
"on the contrary, in 2014 the uk book market demonstrate minimum income, only 2,6 and 1,8 billion dollars for print
"in 2012 still about 30,6 million girls have not access to primary schools."
"firstly, approximately 44% of number of children had not ability to get primary school education in africa in 2000, among
both regions keep the same level in 2014 and 2015 but have difference almost in 8%.
"in africa amount of non-educated children is decreasing, however, not so rapidly as it happen in south asia."
"however, in 2013 the amount of users who use facebook on mobiles rose by 40 millions of people, at the
"in 2013, desktops remain the most popular device: about 150 million women and almost 140 million men use their pcs
"in contrast, the local calls statistics shows that the highest number of minutes was in 1999 and then it drop
"nevertheless, it can be noticed that in the middle east and in latin america columns, which are about unemployment rate
"the small group in this sector are 56-65 years, in 2006 are 3287 people."
but some regions have changes.
"on the opposite, food products tended to be transported by road mostly, and the difference is like in the previous
it rose slowly as the number of visits of people who come to uk but in 1999 the number of
"the main trend reveals that many metal goods are transported by rail, whereas some food products are moved by road."
"generally, there are no a lot of big changes in 2014 and in 2015."
"all in all, there are different situations in different regions of the world."
middle east has a small gap with eu in 2015 and other tendecy shows that s. asia have a lower
"to sum up, all the given regions face significant downwarding trend in the quantity of children who are not able
"in comperison in the usa and the uk people spend money more all on print in 2014, in the usa
"overall, after analysing the charts, it could be noticed that during the period from 2012 to 2013 men tended to
the data are available for the period from 2000 to 2012 and selected for boys and girls and different regions.
"due to the information about the most preferred countries by the english in 1999, the most popular ones were france
"it is also instructive to note that, unlike in other countries, in the uk the two markets in both 2014
"in north africa and south asia the figures are exactly the same, while in europian union they have slightly changed."
"the tendency to decrease can be seen in the end of 20th century, notably, that since 1995 up to 2015
"however, there is one region that do not math witch main trend."
the middle east and latin america have decrease in their rate no more then 2 per cent in 2015.
"in 2002, 21.6 millions of girls and 11.1 millions of boys were without education, but after twelve years government's work
the first remarkable notice is that the data of number of overweight children rises by 2005 (from 12 and 11
"the percentage of uk visitors and uk residents grow slowly, but after 1984 there was an extremly rise."
"overall, as it can be analysed from the data provided, facebook was the most popular in march 2012, and, as
"also, a lot of manufactured goods were transported by road, but the pretty same percent is transported by rail (25%
the same trend was for the rest of world where number of kids fall by 7 from 23 to 15
"it was precisely 40 percent in 1980, then it slightly increases between 1980 and 1985."
"in recent years, most politicians begin to suggest the system of guaranteed basic income."
"in building sector is the biggest group in 1998 people whose age started from 18 years to 25 years the
it is obvious that more girls than boys are not allowed to be educated all in all.
"meanwhile, the level of children without access to primary education in south asia have shown rapid dicrease from 2000 to
"it still remain 12,5% in 2015 as well as in 2014."
"according to the graph the wildest differece in income is in japan, it was about 40% at the begining in
there are approximately 33 millions of children without primary education in 2012 in africa.
"also, it is noticeable that there are more girls than boys left without primary school education."
"graph italy in 2000 shows that more than fifty per cent of italy's residents are between 15-59 ages and only
the number of girls go down from 21.6 millions to 4.8 millions.
"for this they mainly choose the central europe, france, while the number of visits the uk is still smaller to
in latin america there are the same declining trend for about 1% during the period from 2014 to 2015.
there are 7% of elderly people in sweden and 9% in usa in 1940.
the diagram given in the task illustrates the use of facebook during the period from 2012 to 2013 and why
the bar chart and the table depicts the information about kids who suffer from obesity from 1985 to 2005 in
males are more likely to get the future education than women: the chart shows that there are about 300% of
"otherwise, germany had a dramatic downshift to the year 1990, whan the percentage of the income of the people was
"from 1940 till 1960 percantage of older people fall down from 5% to 4%, after until 1990 year it was
"as we may observe, the highest unemployment levels are in north africa (12,5%) and the lowest are in south asia
also there were regions where unemployment fall down.
"it is not clear, what it is depends on, but after the higest point in 42% in japan the percentage
the given diagram illustrates the difference of the amount of children who have no access to primary school education in
the first group consists of the regions where the unemployment rate remains flat and no changes are observed during two
"as for apple, company profits increase from 2010 to 2012, reaching 40, 60 and 70 per cent, respectively with years."
"we can see from the chart that local calls are the most popular and mobile calls are less popular throughout
"the second chart given shows that nearly a half of women considered sharing photos and videos via facebook among the
"as we can see on graph blackberry profit has down trend during all period of time, and percent of profit
"to conclude everything that i mentioned, we can say that more than a 50% of all the listed goods are
in 2012 year shares of apple suddenly fall down.
"the other regions (except s. asia) have quite the same rate in range from 5,8 to 7,9."
but closer to 1995 all they fall even more than in japan.
both charts represent the information about goods which are transported by various ways: by rail and by road in eastern
"but it's clearly seen that one biggest unemployment rate (in n. africa) and the smallest (in s. asia) remain stable,
"however, germany had been showing lower results than new zealand for more than a decade and its numbers are second
"fortunately, the access to primary education increased from 2000 to 2012 in all the regions and also there is a
"then it was dropping, but remain the highest result."
"for instance, in year 1970 france is on the second place in the rate of countries which use energy from
"the same levels have africa in 2012 and south asia in 2000, however the percentage of girls without education bigger."
"in spite of such a significant fall, the figures are still much higher than in 2006, when the world total
"for instance, in year 1970 france is on the second place in the rate of countries which uses energy from
in more details we see that the most degrees of unemployment in both 2014 and 2014 are in north africa.
in 1995 mobiles weren't so popular and therefore people in the uk spend around 4 billion minutes of telephone calls
the worldwide trend show equal data in comprasion in 2014 and 2015.
"although there are some regions like north africa and south asia, which are outliers, average worldwide unemployment rate is 5,9
"on the contrast, middle east and latin america characterize with more unemployment people in 2014 than in 2015."
"according to the information of the bar chart, it can be seen, that in 2006 companies invest about 75 $
in the year 2005 the situation changes - 77% of girls did regular physical activity.
also the graph shows that the line of china fossil fuels level slightly falls by the 80%.
"for instance, over the period from 1990 to 2005 the most of families that owns computers prefer to put it
there are some changes in 2012 year.
"it worth noting that, machinery goods represented 2% of total transportation by road, whereas by rail machinery goods account for
"in middle east it was 11% of unemployment in 2014 and then it fall down gradually and in 2015 it
"the lowest number of boys, who have no access to primary school education is shown in south asia in 2012,
"on the other hand, germany and new zealand show simmilar trends of lower wage gap: from 23 and 20 percents
"thus, it start loosing in 2013 and was about 80$ bn."
the majority of people who prefer primary education is south asia in 2012 there are boys and girls almost the
"for instance, in year 1970 france is on the second place."
during all history people try to fight with it.
"talking about the gender, there are more females than males without primary education in all regions in 2000."
"the chart shows that in 2000 in all the regions girls have less access rather boys, however the situation has
"the main information these graphs give is that, firstly, more people started to use mobile facebook application instead of the
"and fortunately, situation with the access to education changed in all countries over the period and the greatest results are
"the small group in this sector are 56-65 years, number ofthese people start from 5400 people in 1998 and in
they show how many users use facebook by desktop or by mobile in 2012 and in 2013.
"in 2000 in the rest of world which number of children was 23,3 millions decreased by 2012 on 7 millions
to 2012 the number of children decrease on 11 millions.
after 1980 it become to increase slightly.
"overall, as it can be analysed from the data provided, facebook was the most popular in march 2012, and, as
"the number of this people are 21303 and the small group in this sector are people from 56 to 65
europen countries and the united states have a drop in the amount of energy produced by 1990.
the most significant difference took place for ages 16 to 24: men did sports prasctically three times more often than
"overall, it is clear that men usually spent more time on exercises than women do."
"on the other hand, chinese and german expectations for revenue in 2018 are relatively stagnant with 0 percent change in
"furthemore, machinery was not popular in transportation by road, it consist only 2% of all goods, whole the most unpopular
"sweden a usa have approximatly the same level of proportion: both countrier fluctuate since 1940 from 7% a 9%, after
"in contrast, in south asia the proportion of girls decreased at 16,8 millions and standed at the rate of 4,8
the most significant flactuations are observe in usa where print market will lose exactly 3 billion us dollars and the
"as can be seen from the chart, unemployment rates in n. africa s. asia and worldwide are stable, they are
"so, to summarise the information and to depict the results of the 2015: south asia has stable and low rates
"wich rate was get a high in 2015, with 7,9% and become lower in 2014, it is now 7,5%."
since 2011 to 2015 the percentage share of these companies slightly decrease.
"from 1979 to 1999, there were more people from the united kingdom who prefer travelling to another places."
"in building sector is the biggest group in 1998 people whose age started from 18 years to 25 years the
"it is obvious, that the beginning of the 21st century there are more kids in yemen (50,1%) than in italy
"the graph demonstrates influences in the percentage of boys and girls, who don't have access to primary education between 2000
in the year 2005 the situation changed - 77% of girls and 87% of boys do regular physical activity.
"all things considered, we can summerize all up that through the years canadian children are overweight but though they did
"in comparison to 2014, in 2015 there are three tendencies of how this unemployment rate changed."
after this point the population of elder people in japan is surely rising up to ten percent in 2030 and
"then, between 1985 and 1990, all the percentages drop."
"in contrast, the usa slightly decrease the fossil fuels energy (from 98% to 84%) by 1990."
"starting with nearly 40% in 1980, just as in japan, the difference fall to 30% in 1985."
"in every year there was an equall number of boys and girls, who are overweight."
"moreover, degrees of the work in n. africa, s. asia and worldwid mark stay the same during 2014 and 2015."
"in contrast, the level of machinery goods, which are transferred between countries in eastern europe in 2008 by road was
"on the top of rate we can see north africa, where unemployment get close to 13%."
in addition there are more uses of facebook in 2013 in general.
"as we may observe, the highest unemployment levels are in north africa (12,5%) and the lowest are in south asia
the chart depicts changes in the amount of children that have no access to get education in primary school during
"so while living conditions become better, the unemployment rate is slowly falling."
"the most popular countries in 1999, when the quantity of travelers from the uk to other countries reach the peak,
"in building sector is the biggest group in 1998 people whose age started from 18 years to 25 years the
more than a third of women who used facebook see it as one of main reasons to use it.
"in 1980, for example, there is level of diffence."
the main reason for women was sharing photos/videos - 54 percent of women think so; the runner-up is seeing funny
"in the other hand, total investments and ones of developed countries reached peak in 2011 and investments of developing countries
energy from fossil fuels of china during forty five years grow up more than twenty percent.
"finally, sharing photos/videos and receiving updates took the same place: 39 percent of men think that it is the main
"should we blame peasants, who get food from robin hood?"
"the biggest number of children in 2012 go to primary school in south asia: 10,8 millions girls and 6 millions
"sweden a usa have approximatly the same level of proportion: both countrier fluctuate since 1940 from 7% a 9%, after
"also, there are one more feature from this graph: samsung corporation and apple company were takes a relevant share of
"in contrast, hotel and catering sphere become less popular for the youngs, it is the only sector, where the number
"as we can see in the first graph, the growth of the usa population gradually rise."
"worldwide rate, n. africa and s. asia remain same level."
this country had some similuaraties with china as both lines grow during all the time.
such transportations take 12% of rail transportations.
so do latin america decreasing by 1%.
meanwhile developing countries had go up to 100 bn in 2011 and decline in 2013 had slowly grow to 171
"as for the pensioners, who are 60+ years, the figures showed, that in 2000 they were one fifth part of
"the chart below describes changes in the number of children which are not able to primary education by gender and
"according to the graph the wildest differece in income is in japan, it was about 40% at the begining in
"the worldwide rate is stable as for another regions, there are a little big changes with middle east, europe, and
"any times ago one of the most talented actors from all over the world leonardo di caprio finally take an
"in 2013, desktops remain the most popular device: about 150 million women and almost 140 million men use their pcs
"overall, the most significant common tendency which should be mentioned is noticeable decrease of children who are not allowed to
"in comparising of two aforementioned countries we can definitely see that 2000 yemen's citizens were younger than italians, as the
the biggest difference between these on is about 5 percent in 2010 (sweden population have risen on 708 percent while
but in the all region we see gender unequal; in 2000 boys have education often then girls on 15 millions.
"in 1980, for example, there the level of diffence in japan obtain the highest point which amounted around 40%."
"besides that, the most noteworthy fact about 1998 is that in the dominant sector of education the biggest amount of
"meanwhile, german and chinese markets of printed books spend on 6 billion of dollars and 4,8 billion of dollars respectively."
"on 2014 and 2015 we have 12,5% of unemployment for n. africa, 3,9% for s. asia and 5,9 worldwide."
in middle east it was 11% of unemployment in 2014 and then it fall down gradually.
"south asia supported the trend set by north africa and keep its unemployment rates on the same level of 3,9%."
from the first graph it can be seen that the number of overseas residents was about 10 millions and approximately
"the number of girls in 2000 changed from 21,6 millions to approximately 5 millions in 2012 and the quantity of
"generally, amount of facebook users grow up to 30 millions people from 2012 to 2013."
the given graph contains information about time english men and women spend on sport in 2015.
"it can be clearly seen, that there are difference beetween the 2014 and 2015."
"in 1980, for example, there the level of diffence in japan obtain the highest point which amounted around 40%, usa
"different levels are there only in regions: the eu, latin america and middle east, the level of unemployment stay without
males are more likely to get the future education than women: the chart shows that there are about 300% of
"overall, in 2013 people start to use the mobile version of facebook more often, seeing sharing videos and photos with
"greater number of women just looked for funny posts on facebook, whereas number of men who use facebook this way
i 2040 it consist of 23 percents of all population.
there are a lot of difference in the structure of transportation of goods in eastern europe in 2008.
"the unated states had great falling of difference in earning (it decreases in about a half), whereas the uk fell
"so, to summarise the information and to depict the results of the 2015: south asia has stable and low rates
"while the rate in the middle east and latin america decreased and there was an upward trend in eu, the
in the sough asia in 2000 the number of girls without access to primary school as near like double amount
"the bar chart compares information in diffent coutntries about youngsters that do not have abilities to get primary school education
people got jobs and come to work.
"next, in sweden in 1940 there are only 7% of older people, but when the line rise and expert say
"since 1990 all the countries have been experiencing a steady fall in numbers, with the exception of germany."
"samsung soar between 2010 and 2013, and reach a peak of this year in percentage share of smartphone profits, but
the graph provides information about the amount of male and female who take the different kinds of qualifications after school
in 2040 number of old-age people was 27%.
if we look at the 1998 year statistics and compare the number of people in each sector we can say
middle east and latin america show more positive dynamic as unemployment in this regions fall to 1 percent in latin
"for example ""witcher 3"" from ""cd-project"" had the biggest sellers after 2 month of release, maybe it will effect of
in 2000 the high level number of children which don't have education was in the rest of world.
12% consist of those which are transported by rail in eastern europe in 2008.
"this chart illustrates the percentage of men and women, who have different degrees of post-school qualifications in 1999 year in
"in addition, i would like to observe some rapid changes in the eu, latin america and middle east: 1) european
"we can see from the chart that local calls are the most popular and mobile calls are less popular throughout
"another situation in developing countries, where investment slowly grown up until the 2012, but also a little bit fall down
"overall, people tend to use the mobile version of facebook more during 2013."
"if in n. africa and s. asia there is no changes in the unemployment rate, in middle east and latin
"the unemployment rate of it stays at 3,9 percents."
in 2013 more people start using mobile phones instead of desktop.
"in africa we can notice that from the beginning the number of girls was more than boys, but then it
"usually, there are more girls without school access than boys, except south asia in 2012."
"first of all, we can see that the highes percent of people, who are in earning was in 1985 in
"generally, there are more girls, who can't enter primary school, but south asia in 2012 is an exeption: there are
"however, performance of africa is still beter than overall dynamics around the world: ""rest of world"" column of the chart
"starting with nearly 40% in 1980, just as in japan, the difference fall to 30% in 1985 and continue to
"for example, china spend only 0,5 billion us dollars in 2014, while in 2018 it grows to 1 billion us
since 2000 to 2012 the common number of children have been reduced in all regions.
"first of all, this graph shows that apple corporation have biggest profits all over the time the second place, since
"the rate in s. asia also had'nt changed and caut 3,9, that lower than warldwide by 2% on the opposite,
"overall, (approximately) in all regions more children get access to primary education in 2012."
"as i have said before, it will be better if government will give the creative artists the ability to tell
"so, for n. africa and s. asia situation with unemployment is stable and unemployment rate for this country consist 12,5
"while people spend 10,5 billion dollars on print book in 2014, they will spend 8,2 billion in 2018."
while in south asia figures fall dramatically by 23 from 33 to 10 millions.
"in european union situation much worther, the rate of unemployment have not felt, moreover it has rise around 0,4 points."
for example we can say about problems with our sportsmen in last year when all world know about drugs in
"there are 6,8% and 5,8% in 2014 and 2015 aproximately."
"at the same time, it was not a good way of transporting foods: only 11% of food products are transported
"in comperison in the usa and the uk people spend money more all on print in 2014, in the usa
middle east and latin america show more positive dynamic as unemployment in this regions fall to 1 percent in latin
the bar graph and able below demonstrate the amount of citizens of canada who suffer fron being overweigh from 1985
"on the one hand, the amount of boys trying to keep fit has grown on 30 percent since 1990, at
"three regions n. africa, s. asia do not changing from 2014 to 2015."
there are no changes in worldwide unemployment rate during one year.
"in the middle east it was 11% in 2014 then get lower to 9,6%."
"it is clear from the graph that developing countries invest more and more every year till 2012 while developed countries
the line of japan population states to go up after 2020 dramatically and the othe countries have more stable rise.
the bar chart illustrates the average of teenagers who have no opportunity to go to the school during the period
the pie charts show that there are good transported by rail and by road in eeastern europe in 2008.
in conclusion more children have chance to have a primary education in 2012 than in 2000.
"in north africa number of unempoyent people stay on one point in 2014 and in 2015 on the level 12,5%."
the majority of people who prefer primary education is south asia in 2012 there are boys and girls almost the
"for example, there are two regions where the unemployment rate remains the same in both years, these regions are the
"regarding to the chart, almost in every region girls are less access to the school education than boys."
most drammatical changes are in the middle east.
in 2000 there are 32.7 millions child had not take education in primary school.
the most dramatic was the change for technology - we can see that jobs in this sphere are much more
"in general, we can't indicate some main trend, but in the first part of regions of graph the unemployment remain
"in european union situation much worther, the rate of unemployment have not felt, moreover it rises around 0,4 points."
the next thing is that the proportion between manufactured goods and chemicals in both chart was rather equal: 25% and
another dicrease was in latin america and unemployment part lose 1% of population.
the latin america reach a pic in 2014 and eu in 2015.
"and this decreased slowly for the period from 2000 to 2012 and become 32 millions, but both girls and boys
after that the figure uncreases dramatically from 180 billions in 2009 to approximately 279 billions in 2011.
"for instance, over the period from 1990 to 2005 the most of families that owns computers prefer to put it
only about a quarter of girls in 2000 still do not have an access to primary schools in 2012.
it show in percentage how many people of different ages live in 2000 and how many will live in 2050.
"the most unsporty people were over 75 year men and women, they spend on this kind of activity 29.2 and
"in general, we can see an increase in total number of call minutes, and mobile calls have became significantly more
another considerable feature of the data is the fact that latin america and south asia show the least number of
the bar chart plots how the number of children who have no opportunity to get primary education changed from 2000
"the graph illustrates us the percentage of urban and rural households in a european country, which use internet access for
i 1985 proportion start to increase with 4% and consist 10% in 2025.
"it consist 7,5% in 2014, but there was a gentlely growth to 7,9% in 2015 whilst, for latin america there
they begin from 10% and then have had significant increase in 2011.
the graphs below illustrate how much people travel to and from the uk and also show the most popular countries
at the same time three other regions consist of two groups: with rising unemployment level and decreasing level of unemployment.
"for instance, in year 1970 france is on the second place in the rate of countries which uses energy from
"all in all, all countries show an overall downward trend in income difference between men and women, except for germany,
"overall, we can see that graph which show temperature in yakutsk, rises from january to july."
"the underground, which have the most number of passengers per year is in tokyo with 1927 millions per year."
"almost 45 millions african children did not have opportunity to get education, 20 millions of them are boys."
"for example, in the first pipe chart the group of young students dominated, in the second aged people were the
"overall numbers are less significant in germany: 20% in 1980, fall from 19% in 1985 to 13% in 1990 and
"besides, htc don't become popular during the period and profit of this firm up from 10% to 15% in best
"the common trend is that there are more girls without primary school education then boys, except south asia 2012 where
as for the years 2007-2009 the numbers are fluctuating for the developed countries approximately fro0 to 120 bn.
"the most powerfull charge to investment take part of 2009-2011 period, when investment reach about 170 billion dollars (from 100
we can point out that good unemployment programs are implemented in the middle east and latin america.
we can point out that good unemployment programs exist implemented in the middle east and latin america as their trends
"also, graph shows that from 2013 to 2015 the income of apple company is rise significantly, while profits of others
"comparing 1980 to 1995, this percentage has significally decreased in all countries; however, some things remain the same."
"so, the asian region have the smallest number of boys and girls without access to primary education, when africa stayed
"""samsung"", ""blackberry"" and ""htc"" in 2015 have almost the same percentage share."
in most cases proportions between boys and girls are almost equal.
"according to this charts people from the group 0-14 years take the biggest proportion from yemen citizens in 2000, amounted
middle east and latin america improve their rate.
the most popular country in 1999 was france that have been visited by 11 millions of uk visitors.
"it is clear from the charts that nowadays (2000) the majority of population in italy are among 15-59 years old
the bar-chart are shown quantity of boys and girls that have not chance to get to primary school and separates
"to add to this, we can resume that in any region in 2000 there are more girls than boys, who
"as a result, the opposite outcomes of sample's constituents influence worldwide index: in 2015 it doubles the index in 2014,
however between 1984 and 1989 the situation had been changed and the percentage of uk residents who visit another countries
in france and in sweden the level of energy significantly falls (from 90% to 48% and from 82% to 28%
"overall, facebook became less popular among users, and reasons for using it are slightly different for two genders."
in march 2013 there are less than 60 million people used desktops and less than 100 users used mobiles.
the chart demonstrates changes accordingly to the unemployment rate in world regions in 2014 and 2015.
"however, metals were not much delivered by road and take only 11% of all deliveries, losing to food products, which
"in addition, i would like to observe some rapid changes in the eu, latin america and middle east: 1) european
"secondly,while we were making a comparison we noticed that these two chart had something in common - the indexes of
"moreover, the amount of energy's investment of developing countries was always low, its highest pick was around 100 bn in
"in rest of world level of children without access to primary education was almost 25 millions, major of them are
"it can be seen from the charts, that metals were mostly transported by rail, while food products are popular in
"the chart shows us that in 2015 unemployment rate in middle east and latin america fall down from 11 to
"same shows 4th graph, unempoyment get down very fast from 6,8 to 5,8 (which is more than 10% for 1
"comparing 1980 to 1995, this percentage significally decreases in all countries."
"actually, now there are only two regions on the graph, where the unemployment rate is lower than world's average rate."
"numbers of north africa and middle east in 2014 year are nearly the same, and numbers of eu and latin
"after a stable period, we see a huge incline that would occur in japan from 2020 to 2040."
"fortunately, the access to primary education increased from 2000 to 2012 in all the regions and also there is a
the bar chart and the table depicts the information about kids who suffer from obesity from 1985 to 2005 in
"in general, we can't indicate some main trend, but in the first part of regions of graph the unemployment remain
"overall trends varied, however ebook markets in all four countries are expected to grow by 2018."
"moreover, the amount of unemployment in this region remain stable during the year."
12% consist of those which were transported by rail in eastern europe in 2008.
according to the graph more and more children get primary school education for these 10 years.
"in addition, it is needed to say that s. asia have the lowest unemployment rate among given regions in the
"to sum up, all the given regions face significant downwarding trend in the quantity of children who are not able
such situation was kept till 2012 when developed countries have overcome this distance and their investment took a quarter less
the table demonstrates the information regarding the number of people of different age who work in certain spheres in the
"in conclusion, as the diagram shows, goods are thransported between countries in eastern europ countries in 2008 in different proportions."
"next to the africa is middle east, when the percent in 2014, but in 2015 it decrease to 9,6%."
"in the end, i would like to say that only eupopian union have huge problems with risen unemployment when middle
"bachelor's degree had the middle of popularity among different gender, because very similar persentage of male and females (50%) hold
"same shows 4th graph, unempoyment get down very fast from 6,8 to 5,8 (which is more than 10% for 1
"different levels are there only in regions: the eu, latin america and middle east, the level of unemployment stay without
"in building sector we can see the number of interested people are plummefed - in 1998 the amount of people
"according to the second bar chart, the main reason for using facebook amont women is a possibility of sharing photos
"the bar chart states how the unemployement rate has differ over a year from 2014 to 2015 in north africa,
"the bar chart describes situation in africa and asia about children, which have no chance to educate in primary school
"the number of this people are 21303 and the small group in this sector are people from 56 to 65
"to sum up, the little changes in unemployment rate in certain regions don't affect the worldwide rate, although these regions
"according to the graphs, illustrating the year 2000, in yemen people who are 0-14 years old, prevail, whereas in italy
the chart below shows the amount of boys and girls that do not have access to primary school in 2000-2012
they win olympic games in 2014 years because of improving their national health with help sport.
"investments begin to increase for both types of countries at 2006, then it took the meaning 75 bn dollars for
"at the same time, samsung smartphones generally rise, until 2013."
"the positive sides of it are the appearance of new jobs and solution of labour problem in developing regions -
the main tendency presented in the chart is that the number of boys and girls in south asia who don't
"the results show, that the most important field of economic were selling of pop-corn and coca-cola."
"for example, in eu it has grown from 7,5 to 7,9 and other regions like n. africa and s. asia
"besides, htc don't become popular during the period and profit of this firm up from 10% to 15% in best
non-metallic minerals were tranported by road mostly: only one third of them is transported by rail.
"overall, according to the diagram the number of kids who don't have an access to primary education had declined since
in the 2012 year children without access to primary education have a less in 10-50% at the 2000 year.
"different levels are there only in regions: the eu, latin america and middle east, the level of unemployment stay without
"to sum everything up, in 2014 the number of printed books outweigh the quantity of electronic ones, but in the
"as can be seen from the chart, unemployment rates in n. africa s. asia and worldwide are stable, they are
the number of this type youngsters become smaller in 2012 compared with 2000 by approximately 30 per cent.
"but in 2014 unemployment in latin america was higher then worldwide level, and the next year this region have approximately
"futhermore, the only region where unemployment grow up is europe."
meanwhile developing countries had go up to 100 bn in 2011 and decline in 2013 had slowly grow to 171
"it is clear from the graph that developing countries invest more and more every year till 2012 while developed countries
"however, between 1990 and 1995 the difference of income between men and women in the uk rises a little, whereas
"their sales, have a little growth in 2011, but after that their share of global profits went down."
"after this, the line of proportion was feeling to 17 percents in 2030, and after this inereasing to 25 percents
"to sum up, there are a positive trend of falling the rate of unemployment in many regions, it can be
"also, we can see that investment in developed countries gradually growed, not including the slight fall in 2008 by 100$
"furthermore, south asian number of children have a dramatic fall from 33 millions in 2000 to only 10 in 2012."
"however, machinery, non-metallic minerals are almost not sent by cars or trains in 2008."
by 2005 the percentages of girls and boys extended for about 30% and become 77% and 88% respectively.
"to begin with, the first underground railway system in the table start to work in 1864 in london."
while japan have the fall from 1940 to 1960 and then there is a platoe ( less then 5%) in
"nevertheless, it can be noticed that in the middle east and in latin america columns, which are about unemployment rate
"however, between 1990 and 1995 the difference of income between men and women in the uk rises a little."
this graph shows us a clear distinction between countries: germany and new zeland have much smaller difference in men's and
as it may be conluded from the chart all regions have a decline in the rates of number of children
"the quantity of people from 15 to 59 years was bigger then in yemen in 2000 and consist 61,1 per
"however, there are some changes in the middle east, europe and in the latin america."
"although to the march of 2013 users' preferences don't change, the ratio of those using mobile version increased from being
"the chart shows that in 2000 in all the regions girls have less access rather boys, however the situation has
"by for, the highest figures of children who have no opportunity to get primary education was in africa in the
"in both the usa and the uk electronic books are expected to outsell printed versions by 2018, at 8.5 billion
"according to the graph, the highest member of childrens who can not get primary school education in 2000 and in
"looking at the data in 2012, we can define that indexes in south asia and rest of world are much
"the unemployment here increased from 7,5 to 7,9 (these two numbers show the same thing that previous ones)."
"according to the graph, the highest member of childrens who can not get primary school education in 2000 and in
how can be concluded from these charts women were more active users than men in 2012 and 2013 years and
but it is a well-recognized dinamic that girls have less opportunities for education all over the world.
"overall, the chart shows, that the highest number of both girls and who don't have access to primary schools concerns
"in contrast, hotel and catering sphere become less popular for the youngs, it is the only sector, where the number
the given chart compares data about number of children who have not frequented primary school education from 2000 to 2012.
unemployment rate reach the hit in north africa and hit the lowest point in south asia.
"overall, the chart doesn't show the big difference between 2014 and 2015 performances, and 3 of 6 rates remain stable."
"all in all, all countries show an overall downward trend in income difference between men and women, except for germany,
both regions keep the same level in 2014 and 2015 but have difference almost in 8%.
"to sum up, over 20 years from 1979 to 1999 british began to travel more, especially in the near countries
the graph shows the quantity of children who don't have an opportunity for getting primary education in 2000 - 2012.
the main reason for women was sharing photos/videos - 54 percent of women think so.
"in 2012 the amount of users of facebook on desktops was high, over 140 millions of people, while the amount
you turned it on and in the first the minutes you understand thit it was awful.
"the second place is middle east that have 11% in 2014 and plummet in 2015 till 9,6%."
"firstly, approximately 44% of number of children had not ability to get primary school education in africa in 2000."
"compared to africa and south asia, the fall in number of boys and girls who do not go to school
"changes from no one year (2014) to another (2015) are not dramatically and in some region we even see the
at the same time the number of visits to the uk by overseas residents start to increase and got to
"but it's clearly seen that one biggest unemployment rate (in n. africa) and the smallest (in s. asia) remain stable,
"europen countries and the united states have a drop in the amount of energy produced, whereas india and china increase
in 2000 yemen has young population.
"firstly, people without pernanent work in hiddle east are accounted for 11% in 2014."
"according to the bar-chart usa was a leader in book printing, because they spend 10,5 billion dollars on print books."
while japan have the fall from 1940 to 1960 and then there is a platoe ( less then 5%) in
"the small group in this sector are 56-65 years, number ofthese people start from 5400 people in 1998 and in
"actually, now there are only two regions on the graph, where the unemployment rate is lower than world's average rate."
the graf also shows that there are much more children without access to primary school education in africa then in
the amounts of unemployment rate remain stable in two regions of the world while two regions are characterized by drop
as can be seen from the table men had skilled vocational diploma approximately 100% while the women trend undergraduate diploma
"however, after 2013 share profits of apple continue to growth with the same tendency while share of profits of samsung
"for example, if in the city center of old european city people will build a contemporary skyscraper, it will be
"greater number of women just looked for funny posts on facebook, whereas number of men who use facebook this way
it could be seen that machinery and metals are mainly transported by trains rather than by road.
"the small group in this sector are 56-65 years, number ofthese people start from 5400 people in 1998 and in
only 11% of products were transported by rail whereas 30% of these goods are transported by road.
it is clear from the chart that such world regions as north africa and south asia have equal rates in
"in addition, there are no any flactuations, that is why the rate declined respectively in the end of the period."
women used facebook for sharing videos and photos more often than men - the difference between male and female percentages
"it was precisely 40 percent in 1980, then it slightly increases between 1980 and 1985, and after that it falls
the biggest difference between these on is about 5 percent in 2010 (sweden population have risen on 708 percent while
"in contrast to africa's data of 2012, south asia shows that in 2012 it was a considerable rise of number
"in contrast, auditory of linkedin is much lower."
your target auditory is social media managers for big companies.
"all in all, the pirats should be punished, because they are stealing the product like some thing in the shop."
washington is putting increasing attention on the agency and hi-teck sectors .
technology and hi-teck manufacturers are not alone .
"however, it was believed that women were less able to work and study than men, so the idea of universities
"in conclusion, both opinions have weight and have acuality for modern people."
"all in all, facebook certainly is the most well-known site in usa across all age groups, where instagram is only
"it is impossible for business men or politics to spend more days to achieve another country - moreover, it takes
"all in all, despite this fact pirats break the rules and need to pay some money for it, but not
all in all we can see that amount of facebook users raised and we can also see tendetion for using
understanding the evolutionary perspective of technology in hi-teck industries.
"a closer look at graphic revails that goods transported by rail had good products, which massive 11%."
"and internet, free sharing, pirates - all mentioned allows creators directly communicate with their potential (and non-potential) auditory, with those
and the linkedin with serious job-searching content which may be too serious for young category but very actual for active
some of this equipment transforms into hi-teck robots.
he has also founded hi-teck startups and consulting companies.
nowadays there is very actual opinion that schools should do some unpaid work as lessons to teach students how to
"for example, we have the period of history of usa and other european's countries, when if you were born afro-american
"according to some researches, young people prefer to spend 1 or 2 hours to go work or whatever and live
along one wall was a rack of assorted hi-teck gear.
"for example, my classmate invited some strange people and they grabed their home, in addition her parents at this moment
the connection of health problems with the development of modern technology is actual these days.
"others argue, that accepting such restrictions can harm the world economy by reducing income of avia company and decreasing the
nowadays the most actual questions connect with ecological problems.
"the term ""captive auditory "" is repeated."
the senior management in hi-teck companies are often foreign educated.
they need many things - from pampers and child's bed to the good education.
"nowadays, temp of life may be a cause of fact that many people must to leave their families to work
several episodes received extremely high auditory figures.
"another drawback of equall accepting numbers is that it can crushed all system of university's academic freedom - government will
the biggest metro is in london and the smallest one is in kyoto.
nowadays the question of the balance between the time spent on the earning money and leisure is actual like never.
some hi-teck automotive keys are billed as theft deterrents.
"another drawback of equall accepting numbers is that it can crushed all system of university's academic freedom - government will
there were also plans for hi-teck cooperation and water sharing.
"nowaday, the problem of finding of apropriate solytions to reduce air pollution and to solve the problem of global wrming
"we can give to person chance to change himself, choose a new way in professional sport without any preparats that
but tendention is that the level will permanently grow.
"from the table we can summarise the information about date opened, kilometres of route and number of passengers per year
"first of all, the the invasion of huge companies provides aborigens with employment, frequently that means literally saving their lives,
the construction of many skyscrapers and hi-teck office buildings followed.
the total auditory was still very small.
according to the statistic a lot of people with some horible diseases can get cvalificate help only in japan.
"for instance, if there is only two girls would like to go enter math faculty it means that only two
"secondly, some countries are located on other matericks so you can arrive there only by airplane or boat."
all these charracteristics in summ form his or her opinion about happiness and what is needed to take it.
"from these facts one may conclude that despite of the fact that modern technology is causing an increasing number of
"overview, we can see 4 colomns: city; date opened; kilometrs of route; passengers per year."
now marketologs can research how often people fly to some countries and reduce just unpopular flyings.
it was a hi-teck nightmare caused by video game addiction.
can hi-teck medicine also be high value?
it doesn't depend on hi-teck evangelism.
many moments leave the auditory feeling uncomfortable.
"africa in 2000 have 43,7 million children which don't have primary education but after 12 years the amount of children
the oblique roof covering the eastern facade features a hi-teck image.
"some companies has filials around the world and it is unreal to manage them from one place, directot need to
many products fall into the hi-teck category.
"for instance, it is proven that one plane produces pollution, which is nearly 10 times as big as comes from
"if the sport facilities are supported by appropriate advertising, it is highly likely that more people will decide to improve
"finally, this problem is actual today, and, maybe, it won't have any solutions in nearest future."
crime committed by the youth is an actual problem of the modern world.
all the hi-teck luxury equipment is nestled inside the cabin.
but what about hi-teck 21st century skills?
"all in all, the age correlation is not even in all of the networks in question, what can be explained
"secondly, today there are lots of unnecessary races that can be changed or collected in one."
"frankly speaking, it is very actual for ex-ussr countries therefore, there are several ways to decrease young people crime rates."
"(the destination between moscow and saint petersburg, for instance, can be easily overcame by ""lastochka"" train for 5 hours)."
"today our population has a lot of types of transport; for example: cars, buses, trolleybuses, metro, air planes and others."
the program often features auditory participation games where prizes are awarded.
the target auditory is children 58 years old.
"in germany, according to the forecast, the paper book sales will remain 6 billion dollars, while the ebook sales will
all of it creates all atmosphere at home when lots of parents are able only to pick their children up
each number on this chart is a different hi-teck company.
"in instagram by contrast we don't much olter auditory, majority of users, 53% is under so, and we may see
some objectives require the player to use numerous hi-teck gadgets.
it keeps the maintenance easier and enhances the hi-teck image.
"according to the statistic presented by itmo, who has such situation on the faculty of economics a lot of people
according to the first graf about a tenth of visitors went to libraries to study and find information both.
"according to first diagramm, half of yemen's population in 2000 was children 0-14 years old."
a problem to note is that hi-teck implies high costs.
this new hi-teck offering is not exactly footwear.
waterloo has a strong technology sector with hundreds of hi-teck firms.
"business books emphosise, that society and all its members must feel confident in every step taking by politics and what
rest of world also improves the statistic but not so great - from 12.8 to 7.6 millions and from 10.5
"his initiatives towards education, hi-teck jobs."
"second, it is very important to improve and develop a medicine."
in these case many universities think about the idea to make concrete number of male and female students to avoid
"all for it shows, that if the number of sport facilities will increase, more and more people will do sports,
they always want the latest hi-teck gadgets.
"but on the other hand there are a lot of subjects which suit for girls and boys both: jurisprudence, economics,
it can be cause of high price for aboniment in this centres.
"there are a lot of cities with more than a million of people, this means that there are huge numbers
"it means that some prestigious universities, for example, the main state town's university, can provide equal places in popular studies
putin supported hi-teck industries such as the nuclear and defence industries.
the hi-teck and telecommunications industries are experiencing a pronounced slowdown.
at the usa the temp of curve's change is similar than in sweden.
"in a briefly, using air transports is an actual issue."
"and there are a lot of examples when such children become not so smart and talanted as their parents, only
you cannot deny that hi-teck is progress.
"today our population has a lot of types of transport; for example: cars, buses, trolleybuses, metro, air planes and others."
this group builds up more than a half of the courses' auditory.
many funats use these resurse that know what like and what doing their lovely stars in simple life.
the search operation also created an unparalleled fusion of hi-teck capabilities.
"and in final group of people working in education, situation is not good: only people in age from 26 to
almost a third part of the auditory of arts courses consists of young students.
nowadays enviromental problems become more and more actual.
running a railroad today is a hi-teck challenge.
"in opposite, the children in secondary school are having stronger capacity and mentality to study a hard subject like english."
but your voting auditory is very parochial.
facebook and instagram have the youngest auditory as the percentage of age group 18 - 29 is the most prominent
so how about a more hi-teck 21st century skill?
your best defense against this is extensive auditory analysis.
the terminals also feature various other hi-teck technologies.
in addition there are unpredictable situations like army for male students and decrets for female.
"according to the italy charts, there are 14,3% of children, 61,6% of adults and just above 24% of pensioners."
it is seen that investment by developed countries and by the whole world experience a parallel.
"to sum up, the problem of crime is actual among young people nowadays."
"children are the ones, who perceive information very well, so they would grow up with the knowledge of etalon behavior."
each with the latest hi-teck hitting mats.
