"in contrast, auditory of linkedin is much lower."
your target auditory is social media managers for big companies.
"all in all, the pirats should be punished, because they are stealing the product like some thing in the shop."
washington is putting increasing attention on the agency and hi-teck sectors .
technology and hi-teck manufacturers are not alone .
"however, it was believed that women were less able to work and study than men, so the idea of universities
"in conclusion, both opinions have weight and have acuality for modern people."
"all in all, facebook certainly is the most well-known site in usa across all age groups, where instagram is only
"it is impossible for business men or politics to spend more days to achieve another country - moreover, it takes
"all in all, despite this fact pirats break the rules and need to pay some money for it, but not
all in all we can see that amount of facebook users raised and we can also see tendetion for using
understanding the evolutionary perspective of technology in hi-teck industries.
"a closer look at graphic revails that goods transported by rail had good products, which massive 11%."
"and internet, free sharing, pirates - all mentioned allows creators directly communicate with their potential (and non-potential) auditory, with those
and the linkedin with serious job-searching content which may be too serious for young category but very actual for active
some of this equipment transforms into hi-teck robots.
he has also founded hi-teck startups and consulting companies.
nowadays there is very actual opinion that schools should do some unpaid work as lessons to teach students how to
"for example, we have the period of history of usa and other european's countries, when if you were born afro-american
"according to some researches, young people prefer to spend 1 or 2 hours to go work or whatever and live
along one wall was a rack of assorted hi-teck gear.
"for example, my classmate invited some strange people and they grabed their home, in addition her parents at this moment
the connection of health problems with the development of modern technology is actual these days.
"others argue, that accepting such restrictions can harm the world economy by reducing income of avia company and decreasing the
nowadays the most actual questions connect with ecological problems.
"the term ""captive auditory "" is repeated."
the senior management in hi-teck companies are often foreign educated.
they need many things - from pampers and child's bed to the good education.
"nowadays, temp of life may be a cause of fact that many people must to leave their families to work
several episodes received extremely high auditory figures.
"another drawback of equall accepting numbers is that it can crushed all system of university's academic freedom - government will
the biggest metro is in london and the smallest one is in kyoto.
nowadays the question of the balance between the time spent on the earning money and leisure is actual like never.
some hi-teck automotive keys are billed as theft deterrents.
"another drawback of equall accepting numbers is that it can crushed all system of university's academic freedom - government will
there were also plans for hi-teck cooperation and water sharing.
"nowaday, the problem of finding of apropriate solytions to reduce air pollution and to solve the problem of global wrming
"we can give to person chance to change himself, choose a new way in professional sport without any preparats that
but tendention is that the level will permanently grow.
"from the table we can summarise the information about date opened, kilometres of route and number of passengers per year
"first of all, the the invasion of huge companies provides aborigens with employment, frequently that means literally saving their lives,
the construction of many skyscrapers and hi-teck office buildings followed.
the total auditory was still very small.
according to the statistic a lot of people with some horible diseases can get cvalificate help only in japan.
"for instance, if there is only two girls would like to go enter math faculty it means that only two
"secondly, some countries are located on other matericks so you can arrive there only by airplane or boat."
all these charracteristics in summ form his or her opinion about happiness and what is needed to take it.
"from these facts one may conclude that despite of the fact that modern technology is causing an increasing number of
"overview, we can see 4 colomns: city; date opened; kilometrs of route; passengers per year."
now marketologs can research how often people fly to some countries and reduce just unpopular flyings.
it was a hi-teck nightmare caused by video game addiction.
can hi-teck medicine also be high value?
it doesn't depend on hi-teck evangelism.
many moments leave the auditory feeling uncomfortable.
"africa in 2000 have 43,7 million children which don't have primary education but after 12 years the amount of children
the oblique roof covering the eastern facade features a hi-teck image.
"some companies has filials around the world and it is unreal to manage them from one place, directot need to
many products fall into the hi-teck category.
"for instance, it is proven that one plane produces pollution, which is nearly 10 times as big as comes from
"if the sport facilities are supported by appropriate advertising, it is highly likely that more people will decide to improve
"finally, this problem is actual today, and, maybe, it won't have any solutions in nearest future."
crime committed by the youth is an actual problem of the modern world.
all the hi-teck luxury equipment is nestled inside the cabin.
but what about hi-teck 21st century skills?
"all in all, the age correlation is not even in all of the networks in question, what can be explained
"secondly, today there are lots of unnecessary races that can be changed or collected in one."
"frankly speaking, it is very actual for ex-ussr countries therefore, there are several ways to decrease young people crime rates."
"(the destination between moscow and saint petersburg, for instance, can be easily overcame by ""lastochka"" train for 5 hours)."
"today our population has a lot of types of transport; for example: cars, buses, trolleybuses, metro, air planes and others."
the program often features auditory participation games where prizes are awarded.
the target auditory is children 5–8 years old.
"in germany, according to the forecast, the paper book sales will remain 6 billion dollars, while the ebook sales will
all of it creates all atmosphere at home when lots of parents are able only to pick their children up
each number on this chart is a different hi-teck company.
"in instagram by contrast we don't much olter auditory, majority of users, 53% is under so, and we may see
some objectives require the player to use numerous hi-teck gadgets.
it keeps the maintenance easier and enhances the hi-teck image.
"according to the statistic presented by itmo, who has such situation on the faculty of economics a lot of people
according to the first graf about a tenth of visitors went to libraries to study and find information both.
"according to first diagramm, half of yemen's population in 2000 was children 0-14 years old."
a problem to note is that hi-teck implies high costs.
this new hi-teck offering is not exactly footwear.
waterloo has a strong technology sector with hundreds of hi-teck firms.
"business books emphosise, that society and all its members must feel confident in every step taking by politics and what
rest of world also improves the statistic but not so great - from 12.8 to 7.6 millions and from 10.5
"his initiatives towards education, hi-teck jobs."
"second, it is very important to improve and develop a medicine."
in these case many universities think about the idea to make concrete number of male and female students to avoid
"all for it shows, that if the number of sport facilities will increase, more and more people will do sports,
they always want the latest hi-teck gadgets.
"but on the other hand there are a lot of subjects which suit for girls and boys both: jurisprudence, economics,
it can be cause of high price for aboniment in this centres.
"there are a lot of cities with more than a million of people, this means that there are huge numbers
"it means that some prestigious universities, for example, the main state town's university, can provide equal places in popular studies
putin supported hi-teck industries such as the nuclear and defence industries.
the hi-teck and telecommunications industries are experiencing a pronounced slowdown.
at the usa the temp of curve's change is similar than in sweden.
"in a briefly, using air transports is an actual issue."
"and there are a lot of examples when such children become not so smart and talanted as their parents, only
you cannot deny that hi-teck is progress.
"today our population has a lot of types of transport; for example: cars, buses, trolleybuses, metro, air planes and others."
this group builds up more than a half of the courses' auditory.
many funats use these resurse that know what like and what doing their lovely stars in simple life.
the search operation also created an unparalleled fusion of hi-teck capabilities.
"and in final group of people working in education, situation is not good: only people in age from 26 to
almost a third part of the auditory of arts courses consists of young students.
nowadays enviromental problems become more and more actual.
running a railroad today is a hi-teck challenge.
"in opposite, the children in secondary school are having stronger capacity and mentality to study a hard subject like english."
but your voting auditory is very parochial.
facebook and instagram have the youngest auditory as the percentage of age group 18 - 29 is the most prominent
so how about a more hi-teck 21st century skill?
your best defense against this is extensive auditory analysis.
the terminals also feature various other hi-teck technologies.
in addition there are unpredictable situations like army for male students and decrets for female.
"according to the italy charts, there are 14,3% of children, 61,6% of adults and just above 24% of pensioners."
it is seen that investment by developed countries and by the whole world experience a parallel.
"to sum up, the problem of crime is actual among young people nowadays."
"children are the ones, who perceive information very well, so they would grow up with the knowledge of etalon behavior."
each with the latest hi-teck hitting mats.
