"according to the statistic presented by itmo, who has such situation on the faculty of economics a lot of people
"all in all, humanity obviously needs space exploration, but it is important to set priorities wisely and not think about
"according to the pie chart, the majority of electricity is used for heating rooms and water and it takes more
according to the table the difference among men who are working in this particular sphere is not so high -
i have multiple children in different ages .
"furthermore, accepting another talentless girl to a math department, for example, because of the stated amount of female students might
"actually some people are sure that if the government increases the quantity of places for doing sport, the aim stated
"to sum it up, in my mind trying to limit or introducing laws to reduce the amount of air travel
"so, the best consideration for governments could be to create and set up more policies and social programs to protect
"comparing these region, point is that in the africa in the whole duration from 2000 to 2012 the sum amount
all other types of goods consisted above the same part.
"to conclude, africa had the biggest amount of children, who could not learn subjects at school."
it could help to dicrease the amount of consumers in air tourism.
"all networks are very popular, but, as it is shown on, ""facebook"" is the most essential resourse."
"to sum up, in some situations air transport can help people to solve their problems but i think that you
the biggest challenge was putting all together.
"the diagram illustrate the information about some changes in the amount of children, who did not have access to education
all amount went off to 33 millions.
"however, the levels of crime (in accordance with the ethnic background) differs greatly."
"however, if was equal amount of male and female students, it can easy to work in pare."
"all in all we can see, that the percentage of females and males with post-school qualification are quite the same."
the given chart illustrates the amount of kids and their gender in different regions who did not have an opportunity
activeless lifestyle and modern junk food full of sugar gets adults and children full of sicknesses and give great health
the aim is 100 beats per minute or less.
"the changes in italian demographic situation will be as vibal as yemen's ones: the majority of its population was about
"main idea of topic that air travel has been proven to contribute greatly to air pollution and globam warming, as
the pie charts provide the information on amount of population in 2000 and 2050 in yemen and italy divided on
death is perceived on different levels by children in different ages .
"to make a conclusion, the rising amount of crimes commited by young people is the problem which is needed to
a lot of people from music and cinema industry lose money due to somebody sends pirate copies to the internet.
as you may notice facebook has the biggest amount of people who use it because this website has a lot
we should pay for all in our life.
"as i have said before, it will be better if government will give the creative artists the ability to tell
the poster shows 25 faces in different ages and races.
"according to this charts people from the group 0-14 years take the biggest proportion from yemen citizens in 2000, amounted
"according to the data based on gender we can notice that in africa in 2000 and 2012, in south asia
"moving to the least popular area of employment in this country, agricultural sector's data shows approximately 5% of workers among
"other underground railway system i want to write in order of date opened: paris, tokyo, washington dc and kyoto urs,
there is no doubt that if we admit the requirement of equal number of students of both genders we will
"graph italy in 2000 shows that more than fifty per cent of italy's residents are between 15-59 ages and only
they scored 68 aims while allowing 198.
"let's start with the point of view, that the governments should ignore this situation and the amount of flights remains
"moreover, the amount of unemployment in this region remain stable during the year."
it proves the idea that women can handle with hard intellectual works.
according to the diagrams the projections for 2050 indicate decrease in the part of children in yemen to the good
"a vast majority of people argue that buildings should have attractive appearance, while others claim that it have to be
"we can discussed about this question very long time, but i think, that when we talk about stability in nature,
"taking into consideration all mentioned above, i suppose that although in the majority of cases children are doomed to grow
usage of airplanes affects extremely unfair on air and nature.
so the laws like high tax rates will help to reduce negative impact on air and get money for cleaning
after this change it was less than medium rate in the world.
"after this success, the recieved level started to decline dramatically, swooping under the 214 billion of dollars."
in the rest of world we see approximately the same amount of boys and girls who do not have an
"adittionally, it should be included that the maximum point of the bar chart comes to 25% in the year of
"after taking a closer look, in march 2012 over 140 million of users were using facebook on their desktops, however,
"as for me, it does not matter how many male or female students are in studying group, but it is
"i agree that air transport creates negative effects that can do a lot harm to earth but all kinds of
zero defect output is our continuous aim .
they are at different ages and wear a variety of clothing.
"furthermore, accepting another talentless girl to a math department, for example, because of the stated amount of female students might
the aims for both providers were twofold.
people argue that the amount of male and female students have to be equal in each educational group.
"according to the first diagram, we can mention that there is a considerable difference in counting users with destops and
"it would be wrong to force someone to persue a certain career or subject just because we are trying to
"now let's consider the opinion, that the governments should reduce the amount of flights."
"in addition, it is impossible sometimes to find an equal amount of both: men and women, and prompt them to
language is the best way of communication.
"the amount of mobile version users decreased too, but not as much as the amount of desctop users: there were
"in goods that transported by rail were vere also the lowest persentage, it were machinery (12%) and chemicals, and food
the bar chart shows us the amount of children who can not educate in primary school in different region.
"a variety of different researches had given some results, and now specialists explain the reasons of bad behaviour in next
"according this bar chart, the amount of children from africa and the rest of world without abilities to study in
"according to this graph, the amount of such peope in sweden and usa is quite simmilar."
architectors think only about of quantity of building and about useful features.
"all cars, trains,buses, ships need energy, for example oil, and this product contribute to air pollution and global warming, than
there is no on occasion of drug use was not fixed until the acceptance of this law.
the chart illustrates the amount of girls and boys who had problems with weight in canada 1990 and 2005 and
"but then, after twelve years situatuin has changed and the number of children whithout ability to go to the primary
"all in all, during this period the quantity of investment o renewable energy has grown up more than in two
the aim was reached within nine hours.
all people should have common rights and no one group of people does not deserve to be higher then other.
"secondly, musicians and film producers spent a lot of money and time to make their films and audios, and when
i believe all wrote was actually very reasonable.
"(the destination between moscow and saint petersburg, for instance, can be easily overcame by ""lastochka"" train for 5 hours)."
the eventual aim is fully automated freeways .
another juvenile-only cluster shows that specimens at different ages grouped together.
"overall, the chart shows that in urban areas the amount of houses with internet is much bigger than in rural
"nowadays, there are a huge amount of international companies which have their business in many countries in the world."
"on the other hand, those who decide that having more free time and work less tend to focus on the
rest of world also improves the statistic but not so great - from 12.8 to 7.6 millions and from 10.5
"on the other hand, of course, some of them can try to accept this law in their educational politics and
the site is organized by user aims .
"in this way even acknowledgement will play a second role: if there was a choice between man and a woman,
"the questio is if it is beneficial to us, humans to travel by planes or we have to reduce the
some people consider that it loods to air pollution and global warming and government should create special law to decrease
"according to modern statistics and experience the amount of companies, which got into developing countries and fastion of employ local
"all in all, i suppose, that the problem of youths crimes caused by violence is not going to be solved
in 2012 such amount of boys and girls in africa is almost fivefold larger than in south asia and roughly
men in 65-76 ages made a small jump compared to 55-64 years opd men.
"furthermore, going by plane is the fastest way to achieve every corner of the world."
a lot of artists and entertainment organisations have financional costs because of free using of their contents in the internet.
"the problem of crimes are committed by young people strictly connect to the level of the education, i think."
in the bot charts we can see about the same number of manufactured goods (25% and 28%).
"on the first bar chart we can see that amount of desktop users decreased in 2013 with comparasion to 2012:
"in my opinion, during the process of making production, factories explode more shot-gas that planes during the flight."
i believe that more often such problems connect with psychology and attitude of child to people around them and to
amount boys and girls are equal.
as a result of this equality students lose their ability for competition.
the pace of development can be followed by obtaining maps at different ages .
"besides, government can introduce laws to air companies' standards not to reduce the amount of air travel."
"all in all the graph shows, that the amount of people aged 65 and over is not static between 1940
"simultaneously, the datas show us that the demandings of the electricity for summer period practically does not change for the
it is obvious that by reducing the amount of flights we will pollute earth less.
"first of all, there are many things to be said in favour of introducing laws to reduce the amount of
"there is nor main trend - then more ""ancient"" underground railway system - then more are delopted it is, and
"the bar chart compares information in diffent coutntries about youngsters that do not have abilities to get primary school education
the table highlights the numbers of people of different ages who was working in certain working categories in the uk
a lot of people think that amount of male and female students in universities should be equal in all subjects.
"actually, not many of those searchers have luck on their sude and can approach to that understanding."
the piano plays behind all while atmospheric elements coat all.
what bad play calling on those failed aim line conversions.
"according to their point of view, nobody may stop their development, not allowing to say their mind."
"the lack of parents' attention can be replaced by internet and videogames, and the child learns new knowledge about violence,
to sum it up i want do say that while well-placed sports facilities have a wide range a benefits the
"so, i suppose, musicans should earn their money on live-shows and merch, and film producers on cinema and advertisment."
"the underground route in london is by for the longest, while tokyo subway provides the highest amount of oassengers by
"among this people facebook is the most common social networks, the percantage od users assums a little more then 55
"almost a half of yemens population is taken over by the children from 0 to 14 years, while this age
"all in all, it is not beneficial for companies to twist the figures or sabotage the results of research, so
"furthermore, the number of africans and asians children without ability to study in primary school were more that the same
"moreover, it makes us overlook the old myth of male or female jobs only and gives a chance to develop
air travel has become highly popular and it can easily be understood if we only look at the upcoming and
"on the one hand we have producers, whose payment addicts from number of people, who buy their work."
"on the other hand, an equal amount of boys and girls in university more confident and friendly atmosphere."
it is obvious from the figures that the amount of boys and girls engaging into exercises surged dramatically.
"i guess, that it's good solution: person, who choose the wrong way, can be advanced by helping people and society."
the graph shows the changes in amount of visits made by people to and from the great britain over a
the amount of chemicals and non-metallic minerals took smaller parts virtually just under the quarter of all goods.
the given pie-charts represent the amount of materials and products delievered by rail or road in eastern europe in 2008.
"moreover, space exploration can contribute to such fascinating thing as discovering other planets, which are available for life."
china is in a middle point of the graph during first thirty years but after it growed up.
the bar-charts indicate information about the amount of people using facebook in two-year period and show purposes to use this
"however, there are some problems with the realisation of the laws that intends to reduce the amount of air travel."
"limiting amount of air travel for leisure by introducing laws could become a reason of huge using other types of
"for instance, if there is only two girls would like to go enter math faculty it means that only two
"a good example is a ""metro golden mayer"" which loss more than 3,5 billions dollars from 2008 year."
i consider that the time at primary school is very important to use language skills.
"what is more, government should improve alternatives, for example, new comfortable trains with 1st class."
"right now there is big argument in society about air pollution and global warming, because of the great amount of
"actually some people are sure that if the government increases the quantity of places for doing sport, the aim stated
but i don't think that it is important universities should decide more significant problems linked with study.
"according to my beliefs, universities should exclude such parts of the patriarchy culture as unequal number of males and females
young people are the main visitors of the instagram.
"in conclusion, while after 80th amount of travels started to grow, france and spain became the most popular countries for
"all in all, general statistics show that many greatest figures on an international market have not yet suffered from locating
"we can see a rise trend of male qualification in position of skilled vocational diplome, to pay attention, it was
"besides, these unrecognizable sutuations kill huge amount of human lifes."
"and a lot of countries import need food, but they get realise another instruments for achieve good life of their
"in the task i was given there a chart which shows changes in the amount of children without access to
his longest field aim was 58 yards.
"in the conclusion i would like to say that if governments take the law, it will be a reason of
this will be adapted for children in different ages .
"as for 30-49 age category, they prefer facebook too, because the percentage of this category ahe people is 73 per
"all in all, i would like to say that if people will think about this problem more it will be
many people considered that air travelling causes a great air pollution and a global warming.
another trend in this table shows us that in indonesia the amount of people of both sexes choosing industry was
"moreover, the huge amount of films and musics is free in internet."
air travel has become highly popular and it can easily be understood if we only look at the upcoming and
"according to the information presented in the bar chart, the amount of boys and girls without access to primary school
the chart depicts changes in the amount of children that have no access to get education in primary school during
"and as for girls, the amount of them reduced more than in4 times."
first that can notice the highest amount of metals reaching a level of 35% which was transported by rail was
"first of all it creative artist wouldn't be allowed express their own attitudes, they could stop doing anything and developing
during twelve years the amount of uneducated children in africa fell from 44 millions to 33 millions.
"5,8% is also smaller rate, than in the world this year."
this flash based charting library has all .
also people have different taste in art and different attention to creative unusual performance.
"the bar chart illustrates the difference between the amount of children not able to get primary school education in 2000
"and it the government will introduce the law to reduce the amount of air travel, the price of air tickets
"this investment of these types of plane will be very expensive but will help to reduce amount of flights and
"all in all, i understand that artist are free spirits, though i still stick to the idea that the genuine
"but often people can't buy a disk, because they have a little money, and disks can crash after some times
"a am not a fan of precious elements like a portico of fountaines in the luxiry gardes, but in my
"according to the chart, the percentage of boys, who had ovwerweight, significantly increased between 1995 and 2005, started from 10%
"after 1995 this quantity in usa continued to go down slowly, and it is expected to start rising in about
"so, government should try to stop this threat by reducing the amount of air travels not to allow people to
"in my opinion every of us must do all that he or she want to to, but somethings enough to
i believe all posted was actually very reasonable.
reducing aerodynamic drag was another primary design aim .
a person caught using prohibited drugs may understand it was awfull and make a remorse.
the most insignificant amount is represented by the group of more than 65.
"admittedly, that industry in indonesia has the least alternative which people chose ."
"the topic of difference between male and female in different spheres of studing is very important in modern world, because
"as we know, that the first duty of a primary school is building character, not skills."
"all in all, according to these tables we can say that indonesia is more agricultural country,then australia, but at the
almost everything can be found in web nowadays: many people download a huge amount of files every day.
to sum it up i can say that i completely agree with the statement that the universities should not accept
ait first in japan salaries difference grew up (by 1985) and when began to steadily decline.
our aim is 100% customer satisfaction.
it is obvious that adults between the ages 30 and 49 make up the amount that is twicer less than
"personally, i believe that both parents and school are equally important and prominent in nurturing children as they combine and
air travel has become highly popular and it can easily be understood if we only look at the upcoming and
this veterans group has three distinct aims .
someone who whants to do crime will afraid.
"overall, it is clear that during the all period the percentage difference in earnings tends to decline."
all these charracteristics in summ form his or her opinion about happiness and what is needed to take it.
"air ships are convinient because of their speed, comfortability and ability to shift on long distances."
"but there are people who declare the fact, that many of earth transport become more and more clear from day
"people believe, that in this case sport will be available for all who want to improve their health."
in usa the amount of eldery people went up between 1940 and 1980 and also after 2030 and reach a
according to the table the difference among men who are working in this particular sphere is not so high -
"moreover, it almost last a huge amount of working places elevating the problem of unemployment."
the land reform had several related aims .
"the most dramatic decrease of the amount of such children was in south asia, from 32,7 millions to 9,9 millions."
china has increased the quantity of energy from the 1970th.
"if person hasn't opportunities of legal working or playing, he starts find alternative variants, for example some crime structures."
"sugested chart below gives to us innformation about the proportion of the population aged 65 and ove between 1940 and
"secondly, to my mind, level of education doestn depend from equal amount of boys and girls."
"all in all, the main ideas are that people prefer to transport metals by rail and food by road, while
the program often features auditory participation games where prizes are awarded.
the diagramm gives informatin about amount of boys and girls without access to primery education by region and gender between
"that is the reason of huge decreases in revenues of great amount of musicians, musical and film producers, and entertainment
"secondly, south asia has the lowest amount of children with this problem in the end of period, comparising 4,8 millons
the highest aim was national rather than ideological.
also we can see that in 2000 the amount of children without primary school education in south asia were about
"as we can see the huge amount of children both 23,7 millions of girls and 20 millions of boys in
"according to the graph, the amount of money invested in renewable power sources by the undeveloped countries experienced a gradual
"african contries are famous for severe diseases, which kill hundreds or even thousands of people annually."
but alone they are not a decision.
"on the other hand, the amount of them is the lowest in italy, whereas people, who are 60+ years old
"nevertheless after 100 years, in the end of the graph amount of old people in this two countries is lower
"amount of 65 aged people was the similar only in 1940-s, since then number of over 65 aged persons grown
the amount of people that have this desise is gradualy raise by last years.
a new trend of borrowing dvds appeared and made a valuable pie of the whole chart.
"on the other hand, the reduce of amount of the air travel may help to solve problems with air pollution
"first of all, allowing the same amount of teenagers of both genders to enter the same university is good for
concerning the education sector more people worked there at the age of 36-45 in 2006 that is approximately equal to
"it depends on character of work, its aims and audience."
"after a stable period, we see a huge incline that would occur in japan from 2020 to 2040."
"if we talk about passengers, we can see that in tokyo is the biggest flood of the passengers, the second
"personally, i believe that architects should only bear in mind what the original aim of their work is: whether it
"on the one hand, we have a scientific evidence that children are able to memorize large amounts of information better
"all in all, the quantity of children without ability to go to the primary school became less big and show
but goverment can't just reduce the amount of flyghts even because of themselves.
"clearly, that goods with high amount transported by rail, and the answere, for example, the amount of percentage of food
"in other words, people should get a good alternative to air transport, such as trains."
"the disease attacked people in different ages , sexes and nationalities."
"at the beginning of 21th centery in africa the both number girls and boys without availiability to attempt primary school
all in all we can see that amount of facebook users raised and we can also see tendetion for using
someone take more thoughts or patterns of behavior in their family.
"a closer look on data shows that in the northern africa level of unemployment remained stable and consist 12,5%."
a drop aim is worth 1 point.
their aim is making academic sciences improve political practice.
for summer seasons the highest demand indicates between 13 and 14 hours and represents at twenty thouthand units.
"on the other hand, even equal amount of studt places for every subject for man and woman can lead to
"surely, the optimal solution can be to combine and use optimal options, which were shown higher, together, and try to
30 percent of the chart takes yong people and 25 percent comes to 26-40 years old students.
authors of this picture show that in 2040 the population will be older than today and the proportion of old
"to my mind, under these conditions children better understand the sense of language and even the culture of country where
"summing up, age distribution of audience morhs by features of network: omnipotent facebook for everybody, professional linkedin for adults and
"talking in numbers, the highest amount of children without access to primary school was recorded in africa 16 years ago,
"as for the most huge region - africa, changes are not dramatic: the total amount of children decrease on 11
"facebook, as we can notice, is most popular social network in all four age groups, moreover in all four age
"all networks are very popular, but, as it is shown on, ""facebook"" is the most essential resourse."
"legal ways sometimes are too costly, that is why all done illegaly."
"overall, the trands in different sectors were various in 1998 and 2006 in uk."
"this picture gives information about changes of amount of boys and girls, who did not have a access to primary
"to sum up, steps to save our planet and prevent air pollution and global warming need to be made right
then we can see that amount of people aged 65 and over rised up by 1980 to 14% .
"secondary, it's necessary to pay attention to the fact that yemen in 2000 had an extremely small percentage of 60+
of course all kinds of sports should have available price for people with different incoms.
"but often people can't buy a disk, because they have a little money, and disks can crash after some times
"overall, the amount of goods delivered by rail differs from those, that were delivered by road."
it is a government's responsibility to take the laws.
the basket aims were also quite interesting.
"number of girls with this problem generally is bigger than amount of boys, apart scale of south asia 2012."
there is a great amount of other ways to save the environment we need to focus on.
in 2012 this amount became less.
the graph represents dynamics in the amount of children without ability to get primary school education during the period from
"air and water pollution are considerably higher in this type of countries then in developed, such as the usa or
in the middle east and in the latin america amount of unemployed citizens has follen.
quantity of people whom age fluctuates from 15 to 59 will be increased on approximately 10 per cent.
"the graph below provides data on amount of people, who are older than 65 ages in japan, sweeden and usa
"all in all, i think that the advantages of money business to developing countries overwhelmed the disadvantages."
all the scheme consists two diagrams.
"thanks for air travel we can not only safe our time, but also it allows us to achieve to our
"in secondary school there are various of difficult and complicated subject, for instance chemistry and physics, which requares all time
"it is clearly seen, that africa and south asia have the biggest amount of children without access to education amount
"japan, starting at 5 percent lost the amount of old people to nearly 3 percent by 1960."
it is important to underline the importance of government funding in many spheres.
a lot of people walking on the streets see the buildings and than they has solved enter to it or
in 2000 girls were the leader for this data but in 2012 the amount of girls increased more than 5
the bar chart below depicts the information about changing percentage of children who have not ability to be educated in
"looking from an overall perspective, the amount of uneducated children in all countries fall dramatically."
"sweden started in 1970 by eighty percent, but after in 1985 decreased by forty percent and after in 2015 decreased
"someone prefers to watch a foreign comedy, while others are fond of local films, but the amount of latter decreases
"according to this charts people from the group 0-14 years take the biggest proportion from yemen citizens in 2000, amounted
most people would accept that today the musicians and film producers are greedy.
a wide discussion is taking place worldwide.
at the same time food products were transported by road in significally bigger amount - 30% against 11%.
middle east has a small gap with eu in 2015 and other tendecy shows that s. asia have a lower
it can be noticed from the chart that the amount of kids without access to primary education is south asia
"the woman is showed an outstanding advancement in services by 88%, which is the highest data in two countries in
"all in all, the age correlation is not even in all of the networks in question, what can be explained
"the rest of world has changed its amount of children without access to education twice, talking about girls, and less
by the year 1960 the amount has reached the point of 10 percent and it started to grow faster.
the table below illustrates the changes which took place in allocation of manpower by age among four sectors of the
"and the airplane is one of the most safety view of transport, without train."
"finally, allowing only same amount of male and female students in classes would only increase discrimination and not support tolerancy."
"overall, after analyzing the information it can be stated that using mobile phones for the following facebook demonstrated upward trend,
"countries of the rest of world had downward trend, the amount of children decreased."
a little bit less important had seeing funny posts and the last one was learning about ways to help others.
a lot of children suffer from promlems with their eyes already in the first class.
"people downloads copies of films in their computers, but the can often go to the cinema, because there are many
"that is why it is better to take them to a place by road, which clearly takes less time."
air transport is a one ability to reach place of car crashes so fast and save people's lifes.
the bar chart illustrates amount of children who were not allowd to attend pryimary school in south asia and africa
"also metals, chemicals and non-metallic minerals had nearly the same amount, which was 11%, 16% and 13%."
"according to the data, the major group in sience course are children, who are counted for more then 300 people."
"to conclude, i have to say that allowing only same amount of male and female students in every class seems
the question which is arising is whether to limit the amount of acting transport or not to.
the acute crisis is making itself known.
i believe all wrote was very reasonable.
the graph illustrates the differences in the amount of children who didn't have primary education un various regions over a
"according to this bar graph the number of minutes of local phones each year from 1995 to 1999 went up,
"we can make our little theoretical experiment, let's take two random people a put them in same conditions from their
"instead of reducing the amount of air travel, people who against any restrictions offer to invest more money in inventing
let's consider about it.
i believe all said was very logical.
"in both chrts the amount of chemicals is very low, about 11% and 16%."
"in conclusion, though it is hard to access but i think those laws should be introduced to stop this big
forecast on 2050 shows that quantity of people will increase.
"sweden's amount of old people was somewhere at 7 percent in 1940 and then the numbers shared the same tendencies
"all in all, the most outstanding changes occurred in south asia, where the number of children with no access to
the amount of online users of old people the same like young people.
"it is clearly seen that the highest amount of children who could not get primary education was in africa in
"secondly, during the whole period of its existence, humanity did not provide any more effective ways to stop criminals than
a good case of it is a typical situation on the factory when every worker want to have a salary
"nowadays, air travelling is the most popular and convinient way of travelling for the long distance, if you want to
"to sum up, the general idea of modern education is not equal amount of girls and boys but is iqual
the graph presents the amount of boys and girls who have no abilities to study in the primary schools on
a new trend of borrowing dvds appeared and made a valuable pie of the whole chart.
airships fly for a long distances with big speed.
"secondly, the reducing of the amount of business and leisure air travel could make more popular eco-friendly types of travel,
the amount of male and female children in rest of world exceeded this number by 5 millions in 2012.
in march 2013 amount of such users rose roughly twice as much comparing to the same period of the year
"the lack of parents' attention can be replaced by internet and videogames, and the child learns new knowledge about violence,
"according to this idea amount of using air transport also will be decreased, what can support to protect environment."
"in order to summarise the information, it is fair to say, that according to the presented bar chart we can
"in opposite, the children in secondary school are having stronger capacity and mentality to study a hard subject like english."
"besides, london have the biggest amount of kilometres of route, which is 394, but the biggest amount of per year
"according to the first diagram, we can mention that there is a considerable difference in counting users with destops and
"the given chart compares the amount of boys and girls who did not have an opportunity to get school education
the most amount of changes connected with proportion of population in sweden.
"the amount of 26-40 years old people is quite stable, exept sport and health courses: there is the amount of
a new humanistic methos of fighting the crime rates might be one of the greatest achievement of out time.
the middle point take eu; latin america and other world regions (worldwide) and there's no a lot of difference of
"a great number of people from all over the world dream of having a good, high education in order to
"in conclusion, i completely agree with the author's opinion that decrease the amount of flights will help to save our
"according to the charts, it may also be said, that of audience of 26-40 compounded the vast majority of those
the english monster has a fascinating structure at different ages and eras.
"by 50-64 years old users mostly used facebook, which amount reaches 63 percent, while instagram has the smallest amount of
"as for italy, the amount of 15-59 years people is expected to decrease from 61,6 per cent to 46,2 per
"moreover, organism of kids is more flexible and they can be learned the right accent and grammar faster than elder
"it's not surprising, that girls and boys have different attitude in 90% times (as british newspaper ""guardian"" claims) and that's
the amount of boys without access to primary school in africa is twice more than in south asia in 2000.
"generally, the amount of kids decreased like in previous 2 groups."
he scored 14 aims through 30 games.
for example they should introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and leisure or they should
"actually, not many of those searchers have luck on their sude and can approach to that understanding."
this gives you even greater flexibility when working with children at different ages .
"in australia, the least number of females and males work in agricultural sector, 3 and 1 per cent accordingly, but
"in the 2000s, however, the amount of boys suffering from overeating increased more than the percentage of girls and was
"all in all, it is clear that amount of goods transporten between countries in eastern europe in 2008 by rail
"there had been the most sugnificant decline in fugures of both france and sweden between 1970es and 1990, their figures
"the optimal solution can be to combine and use optimal options, which were shown higher, together, and try to find
"also, there is a moment when it's amount rocket from 25 to 42 billion minute."
the only region where the amount of the unemployment had improved from 2014 to 2015 is eu.
"in the industry sector men overweigh women, it is 32% and 11% accordingly."
almost the same part of groups from 30 to 49 years and and from 50 to 64 years use this
"firstly, it's necessary for businessmen to get just time on far meetings."
"everyone, i suppose, remember lots of children's poetries which they learned when they were small kids, but it seems to
"growing up, children often ask for help and advise because exactly their family (in their opinion) knows who to deal
people should do them after every 45 minutes being in front of the computer screen or in the gym.
"according to the charts for yemen, the population of 0-14 years old consists the half of all the yemen population,
the equal amount of users can be seen in the group of 18-29 and more than 65 the percentage of
a good case of it is a typical situation on the factory when every worker want to have a salary
furthermore the number of male and female students influences on a problem of future generation: if there are an equal
according to my opinion different fabrics make much more harm for our nature.
the diagram provides information about quantity of youngsters who didn't study in primary school in five years.
"i grew up at the outskirts of the city, so i studied at school with a lot of children, who
"the pie charts demonstrate the amount of goods in percentage, which was delivered to eastern europe by different transport in
all the universities should allow the same amount of males and females to enter.
after that moment trend of sweden started to dramatically improve while the usa old population remained at the stable position.
"after 1996 the numbers in the usa and sweden began to differ: while in the usa the number of aged
the percentage of people with qualifications with undergraduate diploma and bachelor's degree and master's degree are quite middle.
"and, of course, it is really interesting and easy then the amount of male female is equal."
"according to the chart, in the rest of the world there were approximately 23 mln children without access to primary
another study compared differences in speed of processing information between people at different ages .
a lot of artists and entertainment organisations have financional costs because of free using of their contents in the internet.
"in agriculture, more female employees could be seen against only 29 male employees."
"total amount of children without access to primary education have fallen from about 32,7 millions to 9,9."
"during the period of 1940 and 2000 this proportion has dipped, after that the amount of 65 and over -
it is commonly believed that modern retailers make big prices for their work.
"for example, man are interested in hunting or cars' repairing and women are interested in cooking and teaching, so, the
"to start with, there was a huge difference between the amount of machinery transported by rail, which was about 12%,
"the line graph gives an information about the amount of people over 65 years old basing on the statistic data
long term aims are vastly improved hardware support.
"nowadays, it take information of 2012, amount gradually decreased to 15,3 millions."
"the biggest amount of passengers in 1927 million people per year use tokyo system, which is just 155 kilometres long."
"the graph demonstrates the amount of people aged 65 and over in percents in japan, sweden and usa."
the bar chart given illustrates data about the amount of boys and girls who can't go to school over the
the graph illustrates the amount of people aged 65 and under over the period of 100 years between 1940 and
"it is hard to calm down being stucked in a traffic congestions which causes lies deep down in human's desire
"travel in sky pollution air and influence on global warming, but this type of travel need for business and other
"the lack of parents' attention can be replaced by internet and videogames, and the child learns new knowledge about violence,
"nowadays the problem of sexes often arrise in the society, for example, there is a matter of enrolling to university
metals and machinery makes minority of all the transportation by road.
air transport is one of the most harmful mean of air pollution and the raise of worldwide temperature.
a blended whisky combines many malt and grain whiskies at different ages .
"first opportunity to reduce the next generation, which can transport an enormous amount of people and use new type on
"universities just can not provide this idea among students, where everybody wants to learn something interesting, not equal-numbered."
"concerning remaining data, the general tengency constitutes gradual increase for the amount of overeight girls and boys."
"according to the second chart the most popular country visited by uk residents at this period of time was france,
i think that the most effective variant is to begin learning foreign languages at primary school.
"as about the 0-14 years people, their part will be approximetly the same in italy on 2050, and it will
"it is interesting to notice that more than a half of students ,refered to 18-25 years old, are tend to
"however, the number of children without acces to studying in school in 2012 is rather high comparing with the rest
person knowing a little can not competently provide the creativity.
the amount of car crashing is great.
"other urs i will write in order of biggering: los angeles, washington, tokyo and paris with 11, 126, 155 and
"a significant majority of male workers work in the services section, accountig for 56 percent."
most people would accept that today the musicians and film producers make huge prices for there works.
"in addition, it is predicted that by 2040 this amount will rich almost 25% in every country."
it is clearly seen that the biggest population are and will be people at 15-60 ages.
it is supposed that the governments should reduce the amount of flights due to it causes air pollution and global
every year the amount of such problems is being increased.
they are at different ages and wear a variety of clothing.
"they would like to achive as much as they could, but sometimes directly these people are suffering from a huge
"according to the figures, the per cent of young people in italy has the lowest point."
after that moment trend of sweden started to dramatically improve while the usa old population remained at the stable position.
"if in 2000 the number of girls was bigger than boys, in 2012 the picture was opposite, the amount of
"all these things, however, make a negative effect on people's mind."
almost the same amount of goods for manufactured goods - 25%.
"a lot of people are sure that modern technology, which are becoming more and more popular, may be cause for
"firstly, it's necessary for businessmen to get just time on far meetings."
"it depends on differenr unpredictable situations, students preferences and on an amount of women and men in the world."
"and there are a lot of examples when such children become not so smart and talanted as their parents, only
"meanwhile at the rest of the world 5,2 million girls had been gaining more and more access until the reaching
such products should be age limited.
"it follows a big nervous problems, which we need to decide."
and machinary has the smallest one; its countity achieves only 2%.
"secondly, companies allow themselves to double the amount of production."
all is within walking distance without changing elevation.
"all in all, the quantity of children without ability to go to the primary school became less big and show
they can do during the classes all what they want.
"if there are fewer amount of private airlines, that government will be able to develop common air travels companies, to
"all of us are sometimes using planes as the mean of transport because it is easy, quick and comfortable way
"however, other people provide a contrary opinion: they claim that it is not enough and other measures should be taken."
the graphs below represent audience of different social networks distributed by the age.
"according to the graph the wildest differece in income is in japan, it was about 40% at the begining in
"the graph below demonstrates, which amount of children do not go to the primary school because of several reasons in
"first of all, travelling by plane let people minimize time spending on the road, because plane is the fastest variant
one possible way how to solve it is to make such films age limited by parents.
all form of transport have many problems but i think that air traveling is the best way in any condition.
its primary policy aim had been investor protection.
"after 1996 the numbers in the usa and sweden began to differ: while in the usa the number of aged
the only thing that matters is your acknowledgement and possibilities.
this changes will positively influence on the level of health and amount of births.
by 2002 mobile calls achieved 50 billions while local-fixed line continued downward and showed only 75 billions.
i believe all typed was actually very logical.
airjets have incredible impact on air pollution and global warming.
"besides, when a person is surrounded by different gadgets he become distracted, annoyed and stressed and it affects on a
"additionally, more than a half of 18-25 year olds are mostly interested in science(55%) and a bit higher than a
the amount of people over 65 was rising between 1940 and the end of 1970s.
one of the most obvious fact in charts that there will be less children in 0-15 ages.
the final term saw ten aims being scored.
for summer seasons the highest demand indicates between 13 and 14 hours and represents at twenty thouthand units.
"but if it were my choice, i'd rather not reduce the amount of air travel."
"admittedly, that industry in indonesia has the least alternative which people chose."
"all in all, the age correlation is not even in all of the networks in question, what can be explained
the closer look at the data shows that it was decreasing in all working categories exept technology in age group
"3) latin america is having a big increase in gdp., reaching new peast and creating working seats they decrease the
"according to the first chart, the amount of travel to and from the uk rased from about 10 millions in
the best educational websites for kids in different ages ?
"all in all, this chart showed us, that unemployment rate didn't jump hard during 2014 and 2015."
"the people's need to have their own flats and the speed of building those so-called khrushevkas did now permit the
the bar chart illustrates the amount of schoolers who could not educate in primary school in 2000 year and 2012
"in addition, a man should build his life and find an excellent job in order to accomplish independence and confidence,
"prior to the acceptance of this law, there was no way of stopping the criminals."
france had the amount in less than 50 and sweeden had less than 30% in 2015.
"as a matter of fact, a great amount of teenagers thinks that it is the most simple way to make
"every parent at the current moment has realizing that the competition for a future job is increasing significantly, this reason
a bigger amount of police also can help country to reduce more crime.
"after years of war with all artists of this kind, the government of the most cities on earth gave the
"anyway, a rise of sport centres, swimming pools, gems, etc. is a good way of deciding this problem."
after there was a dramatic decline until 2013.
"according to the graph, men and women between 16 and 24 gives the most time for sport and it is
"as it been stated, air travel has a huge influence on air pollution and global warming, so governments said that
"moreover, nobody could proofe the fact that man are far smarter in math, chemistry and other complicated disciplines, which demand
"so, the amount of female and male school graduants enterening universities are not the same."
"there is an opinion, that every subject in the university should be studied by an equal amount of males and
in 2030 10% of population is predicted to be over the 68 ages.
"south asia statistics shows, that the amount of boys without the access lost 17,8 millions fell from 21,6 to 4,8
"all of these are more safe than planes, and a lot of people are frightened by a huge amount of
"all in all, althouth there are reasons for parents to go out to work for the most of time, children
the diagram provides information about quantity of youngsters who didn't study in primary school in five years.
"so, children become too independent from parents and they can easily find a bad behaviour role mode."
"all in all, some goods are transported only by road and rail, while others take the same proportion of rail
"up to 2012 amount of children without primary education reduced, and there was almost equality in comparison of boys and
"overall, united states takes first place between all these five countries."
a further three players scored four aims .
"the graph presents the data on amount of population aged 65 and over since 1940 in japan, sweden and usa."
despite having these potential resolutions for reducing the amount of air travel there are features and cases which stand unchangeable.
it is very useful for hitting targeted daily protein aims .
in 2000 it made 5 percents and amount of old people continues to increak sharply and it will be resulted
"while ""facebook"" and ""instagram"" are mostly used for attraction, ""linkedin"" helps people with finding jobs."
"after that, there was very sharp growing and in 2040 number of old-age people was 27%."
"firstly, i would like to say that there many health problems which we can decide with using modern technology."
children in different ages understand and respond to pain differently.
the noticeable difference of 7% can be mentioned in the amount of non-metallic minerals.
"manufactured goods by rail is the same amount as by road, machinery transported by road has minimal percent in second
more over such method of problem decision provides to reduce in foreign investments which help to economical growth.
"however, index of men of 65-74 was higher than index of men of 55-64 age and index of men was
"according to the charts, it may also be said, that of audience of 26-40 compounded the vast majority of those
"so, teachers should make more affords to do education process more interesting and useful for young people."
"taking into consideration all mentioned about, i stick to the point that it is possible to help everybody."
"third, if the government will introduce the low, reducing the amount of air travel for business and leisure, they risk
"after 2 years this level reduced, more children could go to school both genders."
"in 2000 the number of children younger 14 years achieved 50.1% and was the biggest one in yemen, while in
nowadays there is a wide discussion on the question of what is the ideal proportion of two genders in universities.
nowadays problem of ecology and environment is rather acute and many people are alarmed by it.
after that the percentage had various development in the all countries.
"to sum it up, government should provide a complex of programmes for reducing an air pollution and to begin with
all other types of goods consisted above the same part.
"all in all, during this period the quantity of investment o renewable energy has grown up more than in two
"3) latin america is having a big increase in gdp., reaching new peast and creating working seats they decrease the
all the universities should allow the same amount of males and females to enter.
"thirdly, the rest of world suffers from this problem more less than africa and south asia, but the smallest amount
at the same time in italy the number of 60+ years old is predicted to rise practically twice and amount
a certain organization is never without aims .
the entire mental health system is doing all wrong.
"on the countorary the london underground is way longer (394), but was a much lower amount of those, who use
the graph shows the amount of population aged 65 and over for three countries at the perioud from 1940 to
our aims and curriculum are outlined here.
i said yes immediately without thinking all through.
"we can observe, that the amount of childs without education has a trend to decrease by the time goes on."
"moreover, education is a key factor to avoid crimes made by young people."
"for conclure, i want to say that this problems is very big and producers and users must find the compromise
for example in some scandinavian countries prisoners have ability to reduse their time in prison by reading some books and
pretty much hearing all & seeing nothing.
"all things considered, i can say that if the country is a poor one and have a bond of problems
"accordind to the grapf the highest results lead to japan (it is between approximately 42-30%, it drops rapidaly to 10%
in the conclusion it is important to say that all should be in balance.
"but from the one hand, people who learn foregein language from primary school have a lot of positive fact, which
"due only to that fact, that our nature spoils by airtravelling, the amount of flyghts of rich people should be
"to sum up, i strongly believe, that governments should make efforts to cut down the amount of air travel."
"actually, not many of those searchers have luck on their sude and can approach to that understanding."
"a huge number of air travel is unnecessary, but they destroy our cology and support air pollution and global warming."
some people belive that it is necessary to introduce laws to reduce the amount of air travel for business and
"our children will try to decide it, their children too."
a aim every 2 games seems decent!
"at this month, the temperature reached the maximum."
twins are far more likely to share the disease than siblings at different ages .
"for instance, the amount of rural households owning the internet was 50 per cent, while the percentage of urban houses
the pie charts show the amount of goods transported by rail and by road in eastern europe in 2008.
"all of people depend in technology, so, the main solution of the health problems is to reduce the time of
that's why in 12 o'clock in the night units of electricity decreased.
")-stetement, is an extremely clear difference: there are too many men on a tech subjects, and on the other hand:
"the graph illustrates the amount of people of both sexes who are occupied in three employment sectors that are agriculture,
"firstly, approximately 44% of number of children had not ability to get primary school education in africa in 2000, among
on these two pictures there are two pie charts about ways of goods transportation between countries in eastern europe in
some people are confident that universities have to take the same amount of men and women to each subject or
"all for it shows, that if the number of sport facilities will increase, more and more people will do sports,
"the charts represents how the amount of children without access to primary education had been changed from 2000 to 2012
the given diagram illustrates the difference of the amount of children who have no access to primary school education in
the amount of online users of age group 18-29 about 22 percent.
"at the same time, the amount of air travels is constantly growing."
all form of transport have many problems but i think that air traveling is the best way in any condition.
"they want to be a part of the team of that bad peers, so they do all like they."
"however, it is argued that such an early age is appropriate for study of this difficult subject."
industry is a sphere in which men are more interested than women and the table illustrates it correctly with the
"there are predictions that the amount will fall in 2030, but then rise greatly till 2040 to 25%."
sometimes it can be the cheapest transport for long distance.
"a good example is a ""metro golden mayer"" which loss more than 3,5 billions dollars from 2008 year."
"actually, big quantity of sport facilities like football pitches, places for people who want run or ride a bike and
he yielded five aims once last season .
"france in 1970 was with high results, was 90 percent of energy, but after in 1985 fast decreased by thirty
"there was a pick of birth and death activity during the second part of 18th century, after that the graphs
according to the diagrams the projections for 2050 indicate decrease in the part of children in yemen to the good
the bar charts demonstrate the changes in the amount of children who do not have access to primary education.
"at secondary school, teaahers not need to focus on the character building anymore, they could push the student to study
acting laws should be revised.
"the amount of 15-59 and 60+ years old will increase, whereas the amount of 0-14 year old will decline."
"in 1985, the amount of girls and boys who had large weight in canada was 12 and 11 per cent,
"according to the data based on gender we can notice that in africa in 2000 and 2012, in south asia
kids at different ages and genders will adjust differently to a blended family.
"clearly, people at different ages see the world in different ways."
a lot of artists and entertainment organisations have financional costs because of free using of their contents in the internet.
all other types of goods consisted above the same part.
it includes pretty much all except selectors.
"even when they go for a walk, in big sities it is complicated to find place where virgin nature is
the amount is a little bit less than 25 millions.
yep all has been going great here.
"all in all, i want to say that people have to believe in their powers, take care about yourself and
after this year the stable drop remained to be stable for japan's statistic.
"young people need to see kind and honest people around them except of greedy millionairs in tv-shows, who are able
the bar that show us amount of these children in rest of world is the smallest by 2000.
"the same trend is with chemicals, the amount of them moved by rail and by road is almost the same."
"all things considered it is honest to say that electronic devices gives us a lot of opportunities, such as reading
certain strategies are designed to address multiple aims .
"activists from these parties supported internet users and thought that all people all around the world have the right to
my aim was to lose 70 pounds.
the level of the crime of children and teenagers strictly reflects the future for decades.
"nowadays many people claim that the building's appearance does not play a crucial role, it is much more important for
"governments shouldn't introduce laws of remove the amount of using polute machines, however governments may influence on technology side."
"the amount of girls and boys without access to primary education, is approximately equal in the 2012 in the rest
"main trend of this graph are revealed that amount of children that have not access to primary school are fallen,
we achieve our aims through lawful means.
the amount of those people are increasing these days because the internet is considered to be one of the most
"but in 2012 the amount of non-educated children essentially decreased and there was almost the same number of boys (5,1)
"on the other hand, children are very busy with subjects at school, which will be useful in their further life,
we can see big difference between the amount of some goods.
but some persons consider that the institutes should accept the equal amount of girls and boys in every faculty.
in 1915 aim average was finally instituted.
we have to give charees for all.
"furthermore, space is all around us, so i suppose we should know a lot of things about it and all
"nevertheless, in italy people are constant."
"so this decision will help not only to reduce the amount of flights of private planes but to increase the
"the given chart illustrates differences with figures about children, who couldn't begin studying at the first form, due to period
the amount of such people in the united states slightly increased from 9% to 15% in the period from 1940
"first of all, i'd like to say, that the amount of air travels regulates by market."
"of course, the amount of children without any knowledge fell and reached it's minimum of 14,5 mil. of boys and
the same increasing of this category can be found in all age groups.
the amount of population aged 65 and over in usa gradually increased to 10% in 1960 and 15% in 1980.
"the only example against this tendency can be spotted in the 5th two figures standing for the everage amount of
people should do them after every 45 minutes.
it is impossible for business men or politics to spend more days to achieve another country.
"we can say about stability level of unemployment in worldwide on level 5,9 percent."
"when in 2004 there was a smog in russia when a large amount of forests were in fire, we were
"according to the graph can be said that in the beginning of the tested period the least amount of children
the good idea in this situation is a hugh laws to reduce the amount of air travel.
"at the same time machinery and food products had nearly equel amount, 12% and 11% respectively."
"this group also is the most active visitor facebook, but another visit facebook, actively too."
another noticable thing is that the amount of girls in each area was bigger in 2000 then the number of
"in general it could be found that the world wide amount of unemployment has stable rate, if we compare 2014
