"a closer look at the data shows, that it is art course that has approximately equal parts of all age
only in age 55-64 women spend more time on sport and exercise than men.
"it can be proved by financial opportunities of majority population in the ""lion"" part of countries in the whole world."
we should have access to this kind of travelling in anytime and as many as we need.
"every parent at the current moment has realizing that the competition for a future job is increasing significantly, this reason
"on the other hand, the direct effect of punishing people to prevent buying illegal copies would be opposite from ""more
"besides that, the most noteworthy fact about 1998 is that in the dominant sector of education the biggest amount of
the flight lasted 27 seconds in this amount 17 seconds hovering.
but every of us has a prophetic voice.
"on the other hand, children are very busy with subjects at school, which will be useful in their further life,
"on the other hand, some people claim that children have a right simply to have their childhood."
")-stetement, is an extremely clear difference: there are too many men on a tech subjects, and on the other hand:
"a rising popularity of smartphones, laptops, computers and other gadgets leads to damage to people's eyes."
"all in all, despite being difficult for studying female students may give a fresh look to the scients, which is
they should convince students that education is the greatest way in their life to realise yourself without evil.
"the solution of these two problems is very simple: people must go walk on the fresh air, do some sport
"according to the statistic presented by itmo, who has such situation on the faculty of economics a lot of people
"firstly, the most interesting sector in 2006 is technology, there we can see an extremely growing by contrast the most
"40% of womens had undergraduate diploma, that is the compare piece of undergraduate diploma in mens range."
"all in all, humanity obviously needs space exploration, but it is important to set priorities wisely and not think about
"according to the chart, the percentage of people of yemen, who are 15-59 years, will increase from 46,3% in 2000
the bar chart illustrates the chages during one timeframe from 1985 to 2005 while the table shows the data of
"nevertheless, scientists demonstrated that 1990-2020 consist of increasing of old people (65 years and over) is sweden, but their decline
through the expectations there will be growth in percentage op people in the age of 15-59 years.
"by and large, it is rather long way to get rid of crimes but it, apperently, would work."
here we see that in 2000 61.6% of population were 60+ year old people.
after the key year samsung's number was greatfully falling from their biggest percentage to about 15 percents.
every of us has read this agreement.
"and in final group of people working in education, situation is not good: only people in age from 26 to
this whole sequence lasts approximately 38 seconds in this amount inter titles.
air travel gave people ability to visit far ends of the world.
"people, aged from 18 to 29, and from 65, are used this social network less than people, aged from 30
"after years of war with all artists of this kind, the government of the most cities on earth gave the
"for example, it's really difficult for men to work at women's consultation centre because both doctor or client would be
"one should not forget, that there are literally dozens of thousands of airplanes, which lift up and set down all
"albeit, till the 1995 year there were more girls with overweight, the number of them became equal wit the number
"moreover, all the groups are strongly involved in facebook, while instagram is not so interesting for people after age 30."
"however, the prediction for italy is not so positive, because the number of people aged 60+ years is going to
"children start to spend more time siting in the internet, due to this fact their eyes become worth."
"after taking a closer look, in march 2012 over 140 million of users were using facebook on their desktops, however,
every of us has inherent characteristic gestures and movements.
forecast on 2050 shows that quantity of people whom age fluctuates from 15 to 59 will be increased on approximately
"there is the same percantage for ""receiveng updates"": 39% women and 39% men had answered like that."
"40% of womens had undergraduate diploma, that is the compare piece of undergraduate diploma in mens range."
in the sough asia in 2000 the number of girls without access to primary school as near like double amount
it is enormous costs of time and the conditions in russian trains are definitely uncomfortable.
he hands every of us a slice.
teachers also shall not close their eyes to the features of individual's character.
the last position in this list is achieved by the countries of s. asia.
"albeit, till the 1995 year there were more girls with overweight, the number of them became equal wit the number
1n 1995 the obesity rate leveled 16 per cent and was equal for both girls and boys.
the hospital has employed indigenous staff in this amount doctors.
"secondary, it's necessary to pay attention to the fact that yemen in 2000 had an extremely small percentage of 60+
"actually, the graph shows us three categories of the age: from 18 to 29, from 30 to 49, from 50
"this people do not go even to schools, i am not talking about colleges."
"in conclusion, i would say that there are different opinions about the problem of child raising and upbringing, but both
the percentage of 15-59 years old men and women will grow up from 46.3% to 57.3% to the year 2050.
"the graph presents the information and predictions about the part of old population (65 ages and more) in japan, sweden
about another example i read on the last week.
it is not less important not to reduce intermediate stages to the earliest terms.
"all in all, the main tendency is that there are significant changes in percentage of food products, metals and machinery
"a bit feuer than a half of the yemen population in 2000 were 15-59 years people, but in italy were
"in that case, the performance was awfull and disgusting especially when the children could see it."
"almost half (46,3%) is 15 to 59 years old people and only 3,6 per cent of people on 60 and
"according to the data, the major group in sience course are children, who are counted for more then 300 people."
all of that they do should not restricted by the government.
"all in all, despite being difficult for studying female students may give a fresh look to the scients, which is
it is a parents business to decide when they should enable their children to learn foreign language.
"3,6% are people have age 60+ years."
"however, it was believed that women were less able to work and study than men, so the idea of universities
in 2030 10% of population is predicted to be over the 65 ages.
"the number of people aged 0-14 years in yemen will considerably decrease, leaving place for adult population, which will grow
there are many water sport activities in this amount wind surfing.
"as addition, children became more vulnerable before the face of anxiety and loneliness, which trigger a lot of problems with
"according the chart, we can see that the all males had skilled vocational diploma in australia in 1999."
"a closer look on data shows that in the northern africa level of unemployment remained stable and consist 12,5%."
"here we see that in 2000 61.6% of population were 15-59 year old people, 24.1% were 60+ year old people
we shouldn't close our eyes and should do our best to help young people to choose the right way.
"facebook, as we can notice, is most popular social network in all four age groups, moreover in all four age
"on the one hand, one of the causes of such students' behaviour is considered to be their age period."
"in the european union unemployment rate was slightly increased and pointed 7,9% in 2015 according with 7,5% in 2014."
"finally, people who are over 49 age goes to university for interest."
in the next decade this proportion hardly grow up and rich a pic in 27% - the max value.
"travel in sky pollution air and influence on global warming, but this type of travel need for business and other
"overall, there was a tendency of falling of the number of children without access to primary school education if we
we can say that in japan between 1940 and 2030 less people lived to aged 65.
"according to the chart, the most large number of children without access to first-step school education in africa."
it is not less important to include a rich dose of antioxidants.
"also people have different taste in art and different attention to creative unusual performance, and goverment in this amount."
nowadays the problem of adolescent crime is widely discussed as more and more young adults commit illegal acts.
"this fact was proved by scientists, children get new knowledges faster and more qualified than other people."
in 2000 there were 61.6% of 15-59 year-old people and only 24.1% of people who are older than 60 years.
"according to the chart, the percentage of people of yemen, who are 15-59 years, will increase from 46,3% in 2000
that's why studying of foreign languages is on the most needed subjects.
people must be prepared to new laws by social media or social advertisement wich shows the value of author's intellectual
"according to the chart, the percentage of boys, who had ovwerweight, significantly increased between 1995 and 2005, started from 10%
"in hotel or catering sector in 1998 the biggest group of people was presenting by people whose age from 18
the attendence of complex health researches is not less important.
"the number of this people are 21303 and the small group in this sector are people from 56 to 65
"all in all, the chart shows that in englang young men in age 16-24 are keen on sports in average
"the small group in this sector are people whose age started from 56 to 65 years, but in 2006 year
"according to this, any building should be designed due to its primary function."
"after taking a closer look, in march 2012 over 140 million of users were using facebook on their desktops, however,
it is not less important to stop the flow of guns to our streets .
"everyone, i suppose, remember lots of children's poetries which they learned when they were small kids, but it seems to
it has more than 50% online adults involved in any age.
this year is a key one.
yet every of us has different body height and proportions .
"one of the most obvious fact in charts that in yemen in 2050 there will be less children in 0-14
the number of 15-59 year old people will increase for 11% but the number of 0-14 will fall and become
"the overall trend is that popularity of low-paid and requiring less skills work, as hotel or catering service and building
every of us has a patron saint.
"all in all, internet users who buy pirate products break the rights of the official dealers and steal their money."
after this year the stable drop remained to be stable for japan's statistic.
"it can be explained by the fact that there are a lot of ""male"" works nowadays."
"all people should understand, that there are only male and only female professions."
half of the population were 0-14 year old people and only 3.6% were 60+ year old people.
30 percent of the chart takes yong people and 25 percent comes to 26-40 years old students.
all people should have common rights and no one group of people does not deserve to be higher then other.
a lot of people walking on the streets see the buildings and than they has solved enter to it or
"at the time between approximately 6,30 amd 21 hours it is noticeable the rising to more then 40,000 units and
it is offered every semester in this amount summer.
"according to this line, the index increased significantly from 100 to 171 in the first three years, then there was
inside every of us are our talents.
and every of us must decide for ourselves.
"one should not forget, that there are literally dozens of thousands of airplanes, which lift up and set down all
it is not less important to us today.
"it is important that some new technology we can see only in the best hospitals, but in some villiges there
in average group of people 65+ do not join instagram.
the chart below shows us the percentage of post-school qualifications in australia according to gender in 1999.
on the first diagramm we can see that desktop's users have downward trend in period march 2012 to march 2013.
"every of us has different ""buttons""."
the diagram provides information about quantity of youngsters who didn't study in primary school in five years.
according to the diagrams the projections for 2050 indicate decrease in the part of children in yemen to the good
many tuning modes are supported in this amount direct keyboard entry.
"reffuring to another opinion, free time has a lot as drawbacks as pluses."
in 2006 year situation in this sector was change.
"what is more, government should improve alternatives, for example, new comfortable trains with 1st class."
"a decrease in africa consists in 7 millions, what is less then in south asia, where the amount of children
this same concept resides within every of us .
"every parent at the current moment has realizing that the competition for a future job is increasing significantly, this reason
approximately 10 million of users had stopped using desktop site by march 2013 and the number of mobile application users
"adittionally, it should be included that the maximum point of the bar chart comes to 25% in the year of
in modern world our life is demanding more and more different knowledge and skills from us so to set it
"according to some psychological and sociological theories, like massons pyramide in instance, a person should, firstly, fullfill his or her
it is not less important in secondary prevention.
16% of roads are busy by chemicals.
in this way even acknowledgement will play a second role.
after thet the level will grow up to 25% in 2040 year.
"to conclude, there is a tendency of growing in number of people, who are 65 and older."
men in 65-74 ages made a small jump compared to 55-64 years opd men.
"sweden in 70th was the tird one, but the situation started to change very quickly by the year 1990."
men and women should work on suitable jobs.
it is not less important to understand the incoming side of a personality.
"the percentage of children will be enough small: only 11,5% vise a versa, their percentage in yemen will be enough
"to sum it up, government should provide a complex of programmes for reducing an air pollution and to begin with
here we see that in 2000 61.6% of population were 15-59 year old people.
some people believe that it is worthy to start earlier at primary school.
a good case of it is a typical situation on the factory when every worker want to have a salary
young men with weak education can not find a well-paid job and meet different life difficulties that can incline them
the banker pays every of us $300.
"all in all, the chart shows that in englang young men in age 16-24 are keen on sports in average
"to sum, there is a problem of a widespread criminal involvement among young people, but parents and teachers could help
the sacred masculine is arising within every of us .
"according to the projections numbers of people in the age of 15-59 years will show a considerable increase in 2050
here we see that in 2000 only 14.3% of people were 0-14 year old people.
also big changes will be in the number of 60+ aged people it will rise by approximately 20%: from 24
"all in all, the quantity of children without ability to go to the primary school became less big and show
"60+ year people accounted for 24,1% in 2000, and it is expected to increase by 42,3%."
all uses own resourses that they have and produce goods and food that they able to do.
on the first graph we see that 46.3% of population of yemen were 15-59 year old people.
in different point of view situation in sex balance between males and femals in universities will start tendency on granting
"in the whole world many companies which have ""daughters"" in different states trend to move their producing to poor developing
almost a third part of the auditory of arts courses consists of young students.
in hotel or catering sector in 1998 the biggest group of people was presenting by people whose age from 18
in 2000 yemen has young population which include infants and teens before 15 age.
speaking about initial trends in population in italy and yemen in 2000 it should be noticed that the main difference
"almost half (46,3%) is 15 to 59 years old people and only 3,6 per cent of people on 60 and
"undoubtly, this aspect of public health improving is on the shoulders of governments."
this occasion shows us how videogames affect on teenager's minds and parents should control their childer what their are doing.
"young people from 18 to 25 years old is prefer to do work connecting with new technology, the amount of
"all of us are sometimes using planes as the mean of transport because it is easy, quick and comfortable way
"remember, every of us is different."
we soon had appropriate nicknames for every of us .
according to the charts the young population of italy (aged from 0 to 14) was 14.3% in 2000 year.
i adopt an opinion that the main problem of the people is they themselves.
"finally, people who are over 49 age goes to university for interest like rules."
"every of us appreciates different qualities, differently."
"at the same time in 2000 numbers of people under 14 in italy was only 14,3% while the biggest share
"according to their point of view, nobody may stop their development, not allowing to say their mind."
"besides, children can not make a wise decision about which languages they want to learn."
"moreover, this order no doubt will be unfair."
"graph italy in 2000 shows that more than fifty per cent of italy's residents are between 15-59 ages and only
"media provides us news about murders, beatings and shopliftings committed by young people more and more frequently."
"taking everything into account, i would like to notice that for me such system of acception students has a lot
of course this conversations affect on our mindset and our character.
"more over it easier to study foreign language, because in this step of education children formed the system of language
if a child is not taught to act the right way he or she will not understand what the reasons
"moreover, the percentage use of facebook in the least age group, 65+ years old, is higher than any of the
"nevertheless, in italy 0-14 years people are constant."
countries in 1940 included only 5-10% of old people (65 years and over); but recearchers suppose that amount of this
"according to me, the number of male and female student on every subject should be the same, and i would
the half of yemen population in 2000 are children under age 14.
the second place was occupied by 26-40 year olds people; their figure accounted 30 %.
"a good example is a ""metro golden mayer"" which loss more than 3,5 billions dollars from 2008 year."
he subtly coached and encouraged every of us .
"as for the chart of numbers of people using facebook, only approximately 10 million of users had stopped using desktop
"in any way, the decision to reduce airflights will distinct the personal life of humans."
the government had committed wide range violations in this amount systematic torture.
"all in all, summing up the main features we may consider that people in england have a tendeney to use
but in 2026 year the level will sharply increase to 25%.
"according this bar chart, the amount of children from africa and the rest of world without abilities to study in
"secondly, japan citizens always was very young because in their population 65-years people was not over then 5%."
"according to this, there is not only one answer to the question revealed in the introduction."
the answer is within every of us .
it is not less important that disciplinary proceedings should not become unduly protracted.
quantity of individuals who are older 60 is predicted with growing almost 20 per cent.
every of us possess certain strengths and weaknesses.
"all in all, during this period the quantity of investment o renewable energy has grown up more than in two
"according to some experts, the exteut of happiness in different countries depends on the level of life and opportunities to
i believe that more often such problems connect with psychology and attitude of child to people around them and to
"however, the figures start to rise rapidly in the same period - between 9 o'clock and 13 o'clock."
"also it can be mentioned that this indicator in worldwide had a middle meaning and pointed 5,9%."
it depends on character of work and its aims.
"after this goes europe with his 7,5% in 2014 and it roses to 7,9% in 2015."
the buck stops with every of us .
"public generally tend to believe that computers and sitting lifestyle cause a healthy problems, such as: a decreasing quality of
it is not less important to understand that this law was not put away.
"women can vote and be voted, teach and work in international corporations, do business and play sports and even go
on the other had every tax causes negatively on economic issue.
they have never seen the normal life or another way to realise yourself.
"if in 2000 more than half of population was children who no more then 14, in 2050 the dominant share
a big bath was prepared for every of us .
"aircraft engins emit heat, particularities and gases, which have negative influence on atmosphere and only government can protect the planet
"also and the number of other aged groups in 2000 are very various in this two countries, all of them
they gave every of us our own bible.
"one should not forget, that there are literally dozens of thousands of airplanes, which lift up and set down all
it is not less important to stretch your muscles after any aerobic exercise.
"the number of 15-59 year old people will fall for 15.4%, but the number of 60+ year old people will
"""agriculture"" in indonesia is in the middle place and the last one is under ""industry"" control."
the chart demonstrates changes accordingly to the unemployment rate.
"all in all, despite this fact pirats break the rules and need to pay some money for it, but not
"underground was open in 2001, have only twenty eight kilometres and using only by 50 milions people per year, but,
"to sum it up, it's important to say that definetely, air travelling causes a damage to environment, such as air
every of us experiences death and rebirth often.
"in building sector is the biggest group in 1998 people whose age started from 18 years to 25 years the
on the first place is france.
the second place is sweden - 25% of population lived to aged 65 and over.
"first two pictures introduce yemen and it is obviously, that in fifty years the number of 15-59 aged people will
"all in all, the quantity of children without ability to go to the primary school became less big and show
"we should teach our children since their concious life love sport and activity, encourage them to take part in games
"additionally, amount of transportating metals by road is only a third part of one by rail (11%$ and 35% respectively)."
"every parent at the current moment has realizing that the competition for a future job is increasing significantly, this reason
"it is all about the feelings:when you spend your daily evenings with your family and friends, fall in love, get
"in 2050 the percentage of 60+ year-olds will rise to 42.3%, while percentages of other ages will go down."
"the number of this people are 21303 and the small group in this sector are people from 56 to 65
"considering the rest of world the amounts was quite equal for boys and girls in 2000 and remain steady division
"all for it shows, that if the number of sport facilities will increase, more and more people will do sports,
"firstly, the thing which is necessary to admit is that northern africa and middle east take first positions in this
what is needed to improve the situation with widespread using of gadjets is definite action should be encouraged and promoted
every of us has deeply held beliefs.
the level of the crime of children and teenagers strictly reflects the future for decades.
"adittionally, it should be included that the maximum point of the bar chart comes to 25% in the year of
this website has extra services in this amount net hosting.
"firstly, the price for tickets to planes will rise quickly."
the biggest age group in this sector in 1998 was 26-35 years and in 2006 year the number of people
"otherwise, if only three boys would decide to enter foreign language department it would mean that only three places would
"overall the percentage of people, who did not have a job in selected world from 2014 to 2015 did not
"for example, when a person has ill heart."
"for example, n. africa had the number of this rate in 2014 and 2015 - 12,5% s. asia and worldwide
"in building sector is the biggest group in 1998 people whose age started from 18 years to 25 years the
"on the charts about population of italy can be seen that percentage of people aged 15-59 years is biggest and
"people can call friends at home to understand, which kind of friends does their son or daughter have."
the biggest group in this sector are people whose age from 36 to 45 year.
it's immidiatly apparent from this graph that the propotion of the population in this age will be incregse.
"possible, in the complex this kind much more dangerous for the inveroments, than airplane."
it is what makes every of us unique.
according to the pie charts of yemen population the group of young people (0-14 years) will considerably nave decreased by
a strong desire of every of us .
the country has full fuel cycle facilities in this amount major reprocessing plants.
"and there are a lot of examples when such children become not so smart and talanted as their parents, only
"the graph indicates the comparison of 65 years old population and over in three countries like japan, sweden and usa."
"also a marked fall in number of children can be seen in 2012, showing a 3 times difference comparing with
half of the population were 0-14 year old people and only 3.6% were 60+ year old people.
"in addition, a man should build his life and find an excellent job in order to accomplish independence and confidence,
i believe that more often such problems connect with psychology and attitude of child to people around them and to
"at the same time in italy the part of men and women after 60 is the largest one, but in
"on the other hand a lot of people think that opportunity of free watching gaming or listening it a good
linkedin is less popular than facebook among people of age 30-49 and it consists of 31 pecent of all users.
all people should have common rights and no one group of people does not deserve to be higher then other.
"3 regions had the similar values in this period, but 1 region had a little change in his percentage numbers."
"the number of 15-59 year old people will fall for 15.4%, but the number of 60+ year old people will
"in 2050, it is predicted that there will be an equality between the 60+ years old group and 15-59 years
"15-59 years people in yemen are increasing, while in italy this number decreases."
in 2050 there is a projected growth in population of age 60+.
"at 12 o'clock it is equal to almost 35,000 units."
the grath we are given illustrates the proportion between low and over 65-aged during the period since 1940-s till 2040-s.
"according to this charts people from the group 0-14 years take the biggest proportion from yemen citizens in 2000, amounted
we can decide those problems with using modern technology.
i gave already the general answer concerning every of us .
"all in all, i think that the advantages of money business to developing countries overwhelmed the disadvantages."
a detailed view on the graph reveals that the percentage of people over 65 fluctuated in both usa and sweden
he has different roles for every of us .
"compared to linkedin, instagram is more used by young people, aged from 18 to 29."
only 3.6% were 60+ year old people.
"to conclude, the overall trend is increasing proportion of 65-aged and over population in a few decades after 2020."
after the middle of 80-s it became grow a lot and reached a number of 50 millions by 1999.
"on the contrary, other people believe that other activities should be use to up the quality of public health."
"according the fact, that air travels pollute enveirement and increase the risk of global warming, some people believe that goverments
"all in all the graph shows, that the amount of people aged 65 and over is not static between 1940
"to my mind, there is no faculty where women can't study at all, but i pretend that both male and
"otherwise, percentage of 0-14 people will fall from approximately half to just over one third of all population."
one more: frequent visiting to doctors.
"sometimes child can grab or taste something, while parents do not see, and it may lead to a bad consequences,
on the second chart we can observe the reasons to use facebook of men and women (according their own opinions).
"secondly, they say that it's a exome, because there is a law about protection of author's rights in the big
"as far projections are concerned, population from these ages will not have crucial changes in yemen and will increased to
"according to the projections numbers of people in the age of 15-59 years will show a considerable increase in 2050
"in my opinion, during the process of making production, factories explode more shot-gas that planes during the flight."
"all in all, there are two sectors with the common tendency to rise or fall the participation level of all
the graph provide information about several qualication between males and females in who were completed school in 1999.
a person caught using prohibited drugs may understand it was awfull and make a remorse.
