"according to the chart below, the highest changing was in south asia, when 16.8 millions girl got access to primary
"after this, the line of proportion was feeling to 17 percents in 2030, and after this inereasing to 25 percent
british army trains travelled nine millions track miles every month.
such negative financial environment destructively influences development of children and teenagers.
"in conclusion, i would like to say that this problem is very difficult and the interests of civilians and businesmen
after 12 years pass the number of girls 18.2 millions
the project cost approximately $10 millions .
"according to the graph, it is clearly seen that the amount of metals transporting by rail is much more bigger
"first of all, everybody who download something in the internet should be punished, if he done it without acception or
after the middle of 80-s it became grow a lot and reached a number of 50 millions by 1999.
"all in all, althouth there are reasons for parents to go out to work for the most of time, children
the company made around $ 127 billions .
another drawback of equall accepting numbers is that it can crushed all system of university's academic freedom.
"all of them now thinking about a career, not about familly."
"according to the graph, it is clearly seen that the amount of metals transported by rail is much more bigger
the entire operation cost around $25 millions .
the number of children without possibility to go to primary school reached a low of 10 millions in africa.
as is shown by the table the most significant increasing of number of people is in the technology sphere.
the indicative budget is 291 millions euros.
by 2006 sales were $4 billions .
each firm reportedly earned around $ 20 billions .
"but in this occasion a lot of people does not do it, so the expences cannon be covered."
that is another several billions dollars spent.
the current budget is spending $32 billions .
the settlement amount totals $25 billions .
this bad behavior act like a kind of the rebelling against the teacher or lector.
the 2011 total gross state product was $259 billions .
the show has grossed 8 billions dollars.
"all things considered, i can say that if the country is a poor one and have a bond of problems
twenty billions pounds since nineteen seventy nine.
it is widely argued what has more affect on a growing child: her/his relatives with whom they live or external
"all in all we see that if something is for free, more people will listen it."
the original cost estimate was $ 50 billions .
the table illustrates the changing in proportional of people working in the difference sectors of the uk economy.
some £450 millions has been written off.
the affect of such sport centers might have an addition to the tendency that provides the idea of healthy lifestyle.
the freight value was approximately 49 millions euros.
the damage toll exceeded $1 billions .
over 14 billions pencils are manufactured worldwide annually.
"as regards south asia, it is clear that the opportunity to get a primary school education for girls improved and
"also the glow of passangers is more than 100 millions people (except kyoto and los angeles), and the long of
"for example, the number of children without access to primary schools accounted for approximately 45 millions of children, in africa
"after this, the line of proportion was feeling to 17 percent in 2030, and after this inereasing to 25 percents
"after that, there was very sharp growing and in 2040 number of old-age people was 27%."
by 2002 mobile calls achieved 50 billions.
increasing size once again adding $30 billions .
"someone take more thoughts or patterns of behavior in their family, another one is interested in friend's or teacher's advices,
the direct financial losses caused exceeded 200 billions yuan.
global music industry revenues are worth £9 billions .
"according to this idea amount of using air transport also will be decreased, what can support to protect environment."
"turning to germany, its benefit from print in 2014 was 6 billions dollars, whilst ebook revenue consisted a tiny 1
the offering raised almost $30 millions .
"the developed countries invested approximately 70 billion dollars in 2007, te funding remained fairly high over four years, in 2009
what is needed to improve the situation with widespread using of gadjets is definite action.
its total business is worth 360 billions .
the minimum bid is $3 millions .
"according to the second chart the most popular country visited by uk residents at this period of time was france,
a low count is below 40 millions .
"accordingly, it would cause less damage."
"all in all, there are two sectors with the common tendency to rise or fall the participation level of all
it is believed that after this period they will be free and clear and will not any aftermaths.
"as regards south asia, it is clear that the opportunity to get a primary school education for girls improved and
the initial target is £3 millions .
"taking everything into account, i would like to notice that for me such system of acception students has a lot
"at the same time in 2000 numbers of people under 14 in italy was only 14,3% while the biggest share
"otherwise, children don't afraid of making grammar mistakes because basically they just repeat words and phrases in the way we
after 12 years pass the number of boys became 14.5 millions.
"according to the given theory, 2% or 3% of female entering students have to be cancelled in entering the subject."
"accordingly to me, they only right way is to help each other."
in conclusion i would say that it is a neccessary to have good relationships with classmaters and teachers to be
"""mother should take care of her own child at first"", by this quote we simply can see that problems of
"according to the forecast printed book sells will decrease for 5 billion by 2018, whereas eboks market will expand for
"othes don't think so, because it have a little affect to our health."
"furthermore, the number of africans and asians children without ability to study in primary school were more that the same
"a lot of video games challenges nowadays require to kill, thieve, rob and so forth."
it had invested roughly $2 billions earlier.
air pollution kills nearly 3 millions more.
"for example, google, apple, yandex a spotify give for their clients the option to buy a right to listen music
"the production of ebooks compared to paper ones is about to be huger in usa and the uk in 2018,
"for instance, a building of different organisation that will help people who have problems, with money for reduction of the
"that is why, the authority ough to decrease this influence by laws, which solve the problem with unnecessary flights."
the 2010 congressional elections cost roughly $4 billions .
"as regards south asia, it is clear that the opportunity to get a primary school education for girls improved and
"after all, the laziness engines the progress."
the estimated total construction value is $1 billions .
in 2013 total government funding was €15 millions .
"moreover, every science starts with this type of persons."
"if you feel good or okay it is not right to close your eays how anothers people suffering from cold,
"the percentage of rural household internet accesses increased almost 8 times, that in general speaks about the development of the
"it is clear that the print marker dropped from 2014, comparing with 2018, in contrast, ebook market will rose ."
"first two pictures introduce yemen and it is obviously, that in fifty years the number of 15-59 aged people will
after the key year samsung's number was greatfully falling from their biggest percentage to about 15 percents.
"others argue, that accepting such restrictions can harm the world economy by reducing income of companies."
"according to the chart below, the highest changing was in south asia, when 16.8 millions girl got access to primary
a lot of people from music and cinema industry lose money due to somebody sends pirate copies to the internet.
"for example, the number of children without access to primary schools accounted for approximately 45 millions of children, in africa
"it is also worth noticing, that the general declining tendency is correct for both boys and girls."
early amphibians lived 360 millions years ago.
the whole world today has 800 millions cars.
his estimated net worth is around $200 millions .
"after that, there was very sharp growing and in 2040 number of old-age people was 27%."
"moving to the least popular area of employment in this country, agricultural sector's data shows approximately 5% of workers among
others suppose that this action would not have necessary affect and money should be spend more reasonably.
this contract was worth $72 millions .
in 1917 10 millions men were registered.
the estimated cost is €3 billions .
his terminal handles 2 millions tons annually.
it contains 9 billions pores per square inch.
the cost approaches £100 millionss annually.
"according to the projections numbers of people in the age of 15-59 years will show a considerable increase in 2050
the missiles cost $30 millions each.
"also a big feature is near food products, because percent of food transported by rail is smaller than percents of
about 13 billions kilograms are produced annually.
all amount went off to 33 millions.
after the key year samsung's number was greatfully falling from their biggest percentage to about 15 percents.
there is no doubt that if we admit the requirement of equal number of students of both genders we will
"however, china has increased the quantity of energy from the 1970th."
the overall annual turnover is around 5 billions rupees.
"moreover, sweden and france got the biggest amount of energy in 1970th."
our interest payment is $20 billions .
over 8 billions were thrown away afterwards .
facebook has crossed 1 billions monthly users.
there is no secret that top sportsmen not only have training almost every day to achieve highest positions in competitions
"moreover, organism of kids is more flexible and they can be learned the right accent and grammar faster than elder
"almost girls choose literature, social sciences and so on and boys choose phisical faculties."
"firstly, the most interesting sector in 2006 is technology, there we can see an extremely growing by contrast the most
"at the time between approximately 6,30 amd 21 hours it is noticeable the rising to more then 40,000 units and
"simultaneously, the datas show us that the demandings of the electricity for summer period practically does not change for the
"there was two considerable rises in the proportion of population in sweden in 1980 and 2010, whereas the line of
"all in all, on the graph and on the pie chart we can notice that in winter the quantity of
"to my mind, groups should be formed by equal number of male and female as it can have an affect
daily blood losses exceed 11 millions litres.
altogether those sums total $71 billions .
"nevertheless, the situation shifted because in 2012 it was south asia that reached a bottom of 10 millions children."
"in contrast, hotel and catering sphere become less popular for the youngs, it is the only sector, where the number
"this fact was proved by scientists, children get new knowledges faster and more qualified than other people."
"in the whole world many companies which have ""daughters"" in different states usually move their producing to poor developing countries."
the final death toll is three billions .
the deal was worth $2 billions .
all multi millions dollar selling female singers.
the total expenses eventually passed $15 billions .
"travel in sky pollution air and influence on global warming, but this type of travel need for business and other
"furthermore, the number of africans and asians children without ability to study in primary school were more that the same
the company has 386 millions fully diluted shares outstanding.
by 1985 worldwide sales exceeded $10 billions .
"on the other hand, the reducing of air travel may have a negative impact on people's life."
"all in all, there are two sectors with the common tendency to rise or fall the participation level of all
"respectively, it may have grave aftermaths."
it is important to have good relationships with everybody.
the last large impact happened 65 millions years ago.
"in my opinion, government should have a politics which leads to decreasing harmful effect of using air travel rather that
the packages were worth £600 millions each.
the transaction value is $ 4 billions .
"the next age group of people aged 15-59 years performs 46,3 per cent of yemen's population."
"nevertheless, the situation shifted because in 2012 it was south asia that reached a bottom of 5.1 millions of boys."
it is known that all this products have a bad affect on vital parts of our organism.
speaking about initial trends in population in italy and yemen in 2000 it should be noticed that the main difference
there are approximately 55 millions mortgages outstanding today.
"all in all, althouth there are reasons for parents to go out to work for the most of time, children
"but when it comes to teen age, the affect from outside the home starts to be as important as the
some affections may be harmful and some may give drugtaking athletes some advance.
"at first, they ask themselves if there are, indeed, strong reasons for such a changing?"
on the first diagramm we can see that desktop's users have downward trend in period march 2012 to march 2013.
"according to the chart, while unemployment is falling in me, it grows up in eu, where this rate is still
after this year the stable drop remained to be stable for japan's statistic.
the current orders outstanding are worth £540 millions .
the demandings of the electricity for summer period practically does not change for the whole day achieving the highest quantity
these contracts were worth $75 millions each.
in 2008–09 revenues are $102 billions .
another 50 millions interventions are represented through poverty programme.
